 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM  
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2024  
 
 
Dated March 26 , 2025  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
701-55 University Avenue  
Toronto, ON  
Canada M5J 2H7  
 
info@discoverysilver.com  
 
TSX: DSV  
 
 
 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD -LOOKING STATEMENTS  ................  1 
CAUTIONARY NOTE TO UNITED STATES INVESTORS CONCERNING ESTIMATES OF 
MEASURED, INDICATED, AND INFERRED RESOURCES  ................................ .............................  2 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FUTURE -ORIENTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  ....... 3 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND NON -GAAP MEASURES  ................................ ..........................  3 
PRELIMINARY NOTES  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  4 
CORPORATE STRUCTURE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  7 
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS  ................................ ................................ ..............  8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 14 
RISK FACTORS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ....... 18 
THE CORDERO PROJECT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  39 
THE PORCUPINE COMPLEX  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  64 
DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 94 
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STRUCTURE  ................................ ................................ ......................  94 
MARKET FOR SECURITIES  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  95 
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE CORPORATION  ................................ ...............................  97 
CEASE TRADE ORDERS, BANKRUPTCIES, PENALTIES, OR SANCTIONS  ............................  99 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  100 
INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS  ................  100 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS  ................................ ............................  100 
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR  ................................ ................................ ...........................  100 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  100 
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  101 
BOARD COMMITTEES  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......................  102 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR .. 103 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  105 
 
SCHEDULE A – AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER  
SCHEDULE B – CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  - 1 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD -LOOKING STATEMENTS  
Except for statements of historical fact, information contained, or incorporated by reference, herein constitutes “forward -looking 
information” and “forward -looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such information or statement s 
may relate to future events, facts or circumstances or the Corporation’s future financial or operating performance or other future 
events or circumstances. Forward -looking information is often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as “seek ”, 
“anticipate”, “plan”, “continue”, “planned”, “expect”, “project”, “predict”, “potential”, “targeting”, “intends”, “believe”, and similar 
expressions, or describes a “goal”, or variation of such words and phrases or states that certain actions, events or  results “may”, 
“should”, “could”, “would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved. Statements relating to mineral resources are de emed 
to be forward -looking statements, as they involve the implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assum ptions, that the 
mineral resources described exist in the quantities predicted or estimated or that it will be commercially viable to produce any portion 
of such resources. Forward -looking statements in this AIF include, but may not be limited to, statemen ts and expectations regarding: 
outlooks for the Porcupine Complex  (as defined herein) and the Cordero Project  (as defined herein)  pertaining to production rates, 
mining and processing rates, total cash costs, all -in sustaining costs, capital spending, cash  flow, operational performance, mine life, 
value of operations and decreases to costs resulting from the intended mill expansion; intended infrastructure investments in , method 
of funding for, and timing of completion of the development and construction of  the Cordero Project  (as defined herein) , planned 
continuation of negotiation of formal agreements with land owners and Mexican authorities with respect to the Cordero Project  (as 
defined herein) , as well as other statements and information as to strategy,  plans or future financial and operating performance, such 
as project timelines, production plans, expected sustainable impact improvements, expected exploration programs, costs and bu dgets, 
forecasted cash shortfalls and the ability to fund them and other  statements that express management’s expectations or estimates of 
future plans and performance , the consummation and timing of the Porcupine Acquisition (as defined herein); approval of the 
issuance of the Consideration Shares (as defined herein) by share holders; the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the Porcupine 
Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; the anticipated timing and closing of the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein)  and the Franco -
Nevada Royalty Package (as defined herein) as well as the anticipated use of proceeds therefrom and the impact thereof on 
Discovery's financial condition; the Porcupine Complex  (as defined herein) , including the assumptions and qualifications contained 
in the Porcupine Technical Report (as defined herein); timing, receipt and anticipated effects of stock exchange, regulatory and other 
consents and approvals with respect to the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein) . Forward -looking statements and forward -
looking information are not guarantees of future performance and are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions of 
management at the date the statements are made, including among other things, the future prices of gold, silver, lead, zinc, and other 
metals, the price of other commodities suc h as coal, fuel and electricity, currency exchange rates and interest rates; favourable 
operating conditions, political stability, timely receipt of governmental approvals, licenses, and permits (and renewals ther eof); 
access to necessary financing; stabil ity of labour markets and in market conditions in general; availability of equipment; the 
estimation  of mineral resource  and mineral reserve  estimates, and of any metallurgical testing completed to date; estimates of costs 
and expenditures to complete our programs and goals; the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development in general; 
there being no significant disruptions affecting the development and operation of the project, including possible pandemic; e xchange 
rate assumptions being approx imately consistent with the assumptions in the report; the availability of certain consumables and 
services and the prices for power and other key supplies being approximately consistent with assumptions in the report; labou r and 
materials costs being appr oximately consistent with assumptions in the report and assumptions made in mineral resource estimates, 
including, but not limited to, geological interpretation, grades, metal price assumptions, metallurgical and mining recovery rates, 
geotechnical and hyd rogeological assumptions, capital and operating cost estimates, and general marketing, political, business and 
economic conditions. Many of these assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, social, economic, political, 
regulatory, competiti ve and other risks and uncertainties, contingencies, and other factors that are not within the control of Discovery 
Silver Corp. and could thus cause actual performance, achievements, actions, events, results or conditions to be materially d ifferent 
from t hose projected in the forward -looking statements and forward -looking information.   
Forward -looking information  and forward -looking statements  involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Corporation  to be materially different from any other future 
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements . In addition to factors already discussed in this 
document, such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others:  risks related to the Porcupine Acquisition Closing ( as 
defined herein); risks related to closing the transactions contemplated under the Implementation Agreement (as defined herein ); 
potential disputes with First Nations Communities in relation to the Porcupine Complex (as defined herein); risks related to - 2 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
unexpected liabilities arising after the Porcupine Acquisition Closing  (as defined herein) ; risks related to the nature of acquisitions; 
reliance on information about the Porcupine Complex  (as defined herein)  provided by third parties; regulatory risks associated with 
the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; the risk that the Corporation will not realize the anticipated benefits of the Porcupine 
Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; risks related to integrating the Porcupine Complex  (as defined herein) ; reliance on a third party for 
transitional services for a period of time after the Porcupine Acquisition Closing  (as defined herein) ; litigation and public attitude 
towards the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; costs related to the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; increased 
indebtedness arising from financing the Porcupine Acquisition  (as defined herein) ; the risk of default under the Franco -Nevada 
Financing Package  (as defined herein) ; risks that conditions to drawdown under the Term Loan Agreement (as defined herein) will 
not be satisfied;  risks associated with exploration, development, and operating risks, and risks associated with the early -stage status 
of the Corporation’s mineral properties; the nature of exploration could have a negative effect on the Corporation’s operatio ns and 
valua tion; risk related to the cyclical nature of the mining business; permitting and license risks; risks related to title to lan d and the 
potential acquisition of neighboring land packages and the timing the reof; risks related to requiring a significant supply of water for 
the Corporation’s operations and being able to source it; the availability of adequate infrastructure for the Corporation’s o perations; 
risks related to community relations; environmental r isks and hazards and the limitations that environmental regulation poses on the 
Corporation; market price volatility of the Corporation’s common shares; uncertainties with respect to economic conditions; t he 
Corporation’s mineral exploration activities bei ng subject to extensive laws and regulations and the risk of failing to comply with 
those laws or obtain required permits; risks and uncertainties related to operating in a foreign country, and specifically, r isks arising 
from operating in Mexico; risks po sed by health epidemics and other outbreaks; climate change risks; the risk that commodity prices 
decline; cybersecurity risks; risks of adverse publicity; potential dilution to the common shares; risks associated with cont ractual 
agreements and subsidiari es; the potential of future lack of funding; credit and liquidity risks; the Corporation’s history of net losses 
and negative operating cash flow; the Corporation’s reliance on a limited number of properties; uninsurable risks; costs of l and 
reclamation; p andemic and global health risks on the Corporation’s business, operations, and market for securities;  the competitive 
nature of mineral exploration and in the mining industry generally; the Corporation’s reliance on specialized skills and know ledge; 
risks  associated with acquisitions and integrating new business; future sales of common shares by existing shareholders; risks 
associated with having multiple shareholders holding over 10% of the common shares; influence of third -party stakeholders; 
litigation risk; conflicts of interest; reliance on key executives; reliance on internal controls; risks stemming from international 
conflicts; risks related to changes to tariff and import/export regulations; global financial conditions; currency rate risks; potenti al 
enforcement under the Extractive Sector Transparency Measures Act (Canada);  and the potential to pay future dividends.   
Although the Corporation has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual performance, achievements, actio ns, 
events, results, or conditions to differ materially from those described in forward -looking statements or forward -looking infor mation, 
there may be other factors that cause performance, achievements, actions, events, results, or conditions to differ from those  
anticipated, estimated, or intended. Further details relating to many of these factors is discussed in the section entitle d “Risk Factors ” 
in this AIF.  
Forward -looking statements and forward -looking information contained herein are made as of the date of this AIF and the 
Corporation disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward -looking statements or forward -looking information, whether 
as a res ult of new information, future events, or results or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. There can be no assuran ce 
that forward -looking statements or forward -looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events co uld 
differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward -looking 
statements or forward -looking information. All forward -looking statements and forward -looking information attributable to us is 
expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.  
CAUTIONARY NOTE TO UNITED STATES INVESTORS CONCERNING ESTIMATES OF MEASURED, 
INDICATED, AND INFERRED RESOURCES  
Information in this AIF, including any information incorporated by reference, and disclosure documents of Discovery that are filed 
with Canadian securities regulatory authorities concerning mineral properties have been prepared in accordance with the 
requi rements of securities laws in effect in Canada, which differ from the requirements of United States securities laws.  
Without limiting the foregoing, these documents use the terms “measured resources”, “indicated resources”, and “inferred 
resources”. Shareholders in the United States are advised that, while such terms are defined in and required by Canadian secu rities - 3 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
laws, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) does not recognize them. Under United States standards, 
mineralization may not be classified as a reserve unless the determination has been made that the mineralization could be 
economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve dete rmination is made. United States investors are cautioned 
not to assume that all or any part of measured or indicated resources will ever be converted into reserves. Further, inferred  resou rces 
have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and as to whether they can be mined legally or economically. It is r easonably 
expected that the majority of inferred mineral resources could be upgraded to indicated mineral resources with conti nued exploration; 
however, there is no certainty that these inferred mineral resources will be converted into mineral reserves, once economic 
considerations are applied. Under Canadian rules inferred mineral resources must not be included in the economic a nalysis, 
production schedules, or estimated mine life in publicly disclosed Pre -Feasibility or Feasibility Studies, or in the Life of Mine plans 
and cash flow models of developed mines. Inferred Mineral Resources can only be used in economic studies as pro vided under NI 
43-101 (as defined below). These standards are similar to, but differ in some ways from, the requirements of the SEC that are 
applicable to domestic United States reporting companies and foreign private issuers not eligible for the multijuri sdictional disclosure 
system. Any mineral reserves and mineral resources reported by the Corporation in accordance with NI 43 -101 (as defined below) 
may not qualify as such under SEC standards under Subpart 1300 of Regulation S -K. Therefore, United States investors are also 
cautioned not to assume that all or any part of the inferred resources exist, or that they can be mined legally or economical ly. 
Disclosure of contained ounces is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally  only permits issuers 
to report resources as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. Accordingly, information concerning 
descriptions of mineralization and resources contained in these documents may not be comparable to information m ade public by 
United States companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the SEC.  
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FUTURE -ORIENTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
This AIF also contains future -oriented financial information and outlook information (collectively, “ FOFI ”) about the Cordero 
Project  and the Porcupine Complex (refer to the “Significant Acquisitions” section of this AIF) . This information is subject to the 
same assumptions, risk factors, limitations, and qualifications as set forth below in the below paragraphs. FOFI contained in  this AIF 
is made as of the date of this AIF and is being provided for the purpose of providing  further information with respect to the Cordero 
Project  and the Porcupine Complex.  The Corporation disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any FOFI contained 
in this AIF, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, unless required pursuant to applicable law.  Readers 
are cautioned that FOFI cont ained in this AIF should not be used for purposes other than for which it is disclosed herein.  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND NON -GAAP MEASURES  
Discovery has prepared its consolidated financial statements, incorporated herein by reference, in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“ IFRS ”). As a result, they may not be 
comparable to financial statements prepared in accordance with other financial reporting frameworks, including generally acce ptable 
accounting principles used in the US (“ GAAP ”). 
The Corporation has included certain non -GAAP performance measures as detailed below. In the mining industry, these are common 
performance measures but may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers and the non -GAAP measures do 
not ha ve any standardized meaning. Accordingly, it is intended to provide additional information and should not be considered in 
isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The Corporation calculated total cash costs per ounce by dividing the sum of operating costs, royalty costs, production taxes , refining 
and shipping costs, net of by -product metal credits, by payable ounces. While there is no standardized meaning of the me asure across 
the industry, the Corporation believes that this measure is useful to external users in assessing operating performance.  
The Corporation has provided an all -in sustaining costs performance measure that reflects all the expenditures that are required to 
produce an ounce of metal from operations. While there is no standardized meaning of the measure across the industry, the 
Corporation’s definition conforms to the all -in sustaining cost definition as set out by the World Gold Council. The Corporation 
believes that this measure is useful to external users in assessing operating performance and the Corporation’s ability to ge nerate 
free cash flow from operations.  - 4 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Free Cash Flow is a non -GAAP performance measure that is calculated as cash flows from operations net of cash flows invested in 
mineral property, plant, and equipment and exploration and evaluation assets. The Company believes that this measure is usefu l to 
the external users in assessing the Company’s ability to generate cash flows from its mineral projects.  
Total Cash Costs  
The Corporation calculated total cash costs per silver equivalent (“ AgEq ”) payable ounce by dividing the sum of operating costs, 
royalty costs, production taxes, refining and shipping costs, net of by -product silver credits, by payable ounces. While there is no 
standardized meaning of the measure across the industry, the Corpo ration believes that this measure is useful to external users in 
assessing operating performance.  
The Corporation calculated total cash costs per gold payable ounce as the sum of the mining, processing and general and 
administrative operating costs, change in inventory, royalty payments and treatment and refining costs.  While there is no standardized 
meaning of the measure across the industry, the Corporation believes that this measure is useful to external users in assessi ng 
operating performance.  
All-in Sustaining Costs and All -in Sustaining Costs per Metal  Payable Ounce  
The Corporation has provided an all -in sustaining costs performance measure that reflects all the expenditures that are required to 
produce an ounce of silver or gold from operations. While there is no standardized meaning of the measure across the industry, the 
Corporation’s definition conforms to the all -in sustaining cost definition as set out by the World Gold Council in its 2018 updated 
Guidance Note. The Corporati on believes that this measure is useful to external users in assessing operating performance and the 
Corporation’s ability to generate free cash flow from current operations. Subsequent amendments to the guidance have not mate rially 
affected the figures pr esented.  
AISC per Silver Equivalent Payable Ounce is calculated as: [Operating costs (mining, processing and G&A) + Royalties + 
Concentrate Transportation + Treatment & Refining Charges + Concentrate Penalties + Sustaining Capital (excluding $37M of cap ex 
for the initial purchase of mining fleet in Year 1 )] / Payable AgEq ounces.  
AISC per Gold Payable Ounce is calculated as: [Operating costs (mining, processing and G&A) + Royalties + Concentrate 
Transportation + Treatment & Refining Charges + change in inventory + reclamation accretion  + exploration expenses + Sustaining 
Capital] / Payable gold ounces ,  
Free Cash Flow  
Free Cash Flow is a non -GAAP performance measure that is calculated as cash flows from operations net of cash flows invested in 
mineral property, plant, and equipment and exploration and evaluation assets. The Corporation believes that this measure is u seful 
to the external users in assessing the Corporation’s ability to generate cash flows from its mineral projects.  
PRELIMINARY NOTES  
Throughout this Annual Information Form (“ AIF”), Discovery Silver Corp. is referred to as “ Discovery ” or the “ Corporation ”. All 
information contained in this AIF is given as of December 31, 2024, unless otherwise stated.  
Currency  
All dollar amounts referenced, unless otherwise indicated, are expressed in Canadian dollars, the same currency that the Corporation 
uses in its consolidated financial statements as its reporting currency.  
Certain Defined Terms  
Throughout this AIF, the common shares in the capital of Discovery are referred to as “ Common Shares ”. - 5 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Measurements and frequently used abbreviations and acronyms  
In this AIF, metric units are used with respect to the Corporation’s various mineral properties and operations. Conversion ra tes from 
imperial measures to metric units and from metric units to imperial measures are provided in Table 1 set out below:  
Table 1: Conversion Rates from Imperial Measures to Metric Units  
and from Metric Units to Imperial Measures  
Imperial Measure  Metric Unit  Metric Unit  Imperial Measure  
2.471 acres  1 hectare (“ha”)  0.4047 hectares  1 acre (“ac”)  
3.281 feet  1 metre (“m”)  0.3048 metres  1 foot (“ft.”)  
0.621 miles  1 kilometres (“km”)  1.609 kilometres  1 mile (“mi.”)  
2.20 pounds  1 kilogram (“kg”)  0.454 kilograms  1 pound (“lb.”)  
0.032 troy ounces  1 gram (“g”)  31.1 grams  1 troy ounce (“oz.”)  
Measurements and amounts in this AIF have been rounded to the nearest two decimal places.  
Financial Statements and Management Discussion and Analysis  
This AIF should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Discovery for the year ended December 
31, 2024 (the “ Audited Financial Statements ”) and the accompanying management’s discussion and analysis (“ MD&A ”) for that 
year.  
Unless otherwise indicated, financial information contained in this AIF is presented in accordance with IFRS Accounting Stand ards. 
The Audited Financial Statements and accompanying MD&A documents are available at www.discoverysilver.com  and on 
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . 
Standard Resource and Reserve Reporting System  
National Instrument 43 -101 – Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects , Companion Policy 43 -101CP, and Form 43 -101F1 
(collectively, “ NI 43 -101”) are a set of rules developed by the Canadian Securities Administrators, which has established standards 
for all public disclosure an issuer makes of “scientific and technical information” concerning mineral projects (“ Technical 
Information ”). Unless otherwise indicated, all Technical Information, including resource  and reserve  estimates attributable to 
Discovery ’s property interests contained in this AIF, and including any information contained in certain documents referenced in 
this AIF, has been prepared in accordance with NI 43 -101, and those standards of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and 
Petrol eum Standing Committee on Reserve Definitions.  
The named individuals who supervised the preparation of, and approved, the Technical Information contained in this AIF are 
qualified persons, as defined under NI 43 -101 (each individually, a “ Qualified Person ”). Each such Qualified Person is an author 
of one of the technical reports that form the basis for the majority of the Technical Information reproduced in this AIF.  
Material Property Interests  
As at the date of this AIF, the Corporation holds an interest in one mineral property considered to be material within the me aning of 
applicable Canadian securities laws:  
  
Project Name  Ownership entity  % Interest  
Cordero  Project  Minera Titán, S.A. de C.V.  100%  - 6 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
 
On January 27, 2025, the Corporation entered into a share purchase agreement (the “ Porcupine  Acquisition Agreement ”) with 
Goldcorp Canada Ltd. (“ GDC ”), a wholly -owned subsidiary of Newmont Corporation (“ Newmont ”), to acquire all of the issued 
and outstanding common shares of Dome Mine Ltd., a newly created entity formed to hold all of GDC’s rights, title and interes t in 
and to the Hollinger mine, the Hoyle Pond mine, the Borden mine, the Pamour open pit and the Dome mine and mill based in and 
near Timmins, Ontario (the “ Porcupine Complex ”), for total consideration of US$425 million (the “ Purchase Price ”) (the 
“Porcupine Acquisition ”). The Purchase Price consists of US$200 million payable in cash and US$75 million  payable through the 
issuance of an aggregate of 119,716,667 Common Shares (the “ Consideration Shares ”), both of which are payable on closing of 
the Acquisition (the “ Porcupine  Acquisition Closing ”) and are subject to customary closing adjustments, and US$150 million of 
deferred consideration to be paid in four annual cash payments of US$37.5 million commencing on December 31, 2027. The 
Consideration Shares to be issued to GDC, or an affiliate thereof, will be subject to a one -year contractual lock -up. Upon  completion 
of the Porcupine Acquisition, the Porcupine Complex will be considered a material property of the Corporation. See discussion in 
this AIF under the headings “ General Development of the Business – Three Year History – Recent Developments ” and “ Porcupine 
Complex ” for more information about the Porcupine Complex and the Porcupine Acquisition.  
See discussion in this AIF under headings “ Intercorporate Relationships ”, “Cordero Project ” and “ Porcupine Complex ” for 
summaries of, and Technical Information for, the Cordero Project  and the Porcupine Complex . 
Technical Disclosure  
Unless otherwise indicated, Discovery has prepared the Technical Information in this AIF based on information contained in th e 
technical reports and news releases (collectively the “ Disclosure Documents ”) available under the Corporation’s issuer profile 
available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . The Disclosure Documents are each intended to be read as a whole, and sections should 
not be read or relied upon out of context. The Technical Information is subject to the assumptions and qualifications contain ed in 
the Disclosure Documents.  
Each of the Disclosure Documents was prepared by or under the supervision of a Qualified Person. Readers are encouraged to re view 
the full text of the Disclosure Documents which qualifies the Technical Information.  
With the exception of the Cordero Project  and the Porcupine Complex , any inferences disclosed in this AIF of potential quantity and 
grade at the Corporation’s exploration property interests are conceptual in nature, and there has been insufficient explorati on to date 
to define a mineral resource. It is uncertain if furthe r exploration will result in other targets at the Cordero Project, or any of the 
Corporation’s other mineral property interests, being delineated as a mineral resource.  
Mineral  reserve and  resource estimates contained herein are only estimates and no assurance can be given that any particular level 
of recovery of minerals will be realized or that an identified resource will ever qualify as a commercially mineable or viabl e deposit 
which can  be legally and economically exploited. In addition, the grade of mineralization ultimately mined may differ from the one 
indicated by drilling results and the difference may be material. The estimated  reserves and  resources described herein should not 
be interpreted as assurances of mine life or of the profitability of future operations. Readers are advised that mineral resourc es that 
are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
Gernot Wober, P. Geo., the Corporation’s Vice President Exploration and a ‘Qualified Person’ and Pierre Rocque, P.Eng., an 
Independent Consultant to the Corporation  and an independent ‘Qualified Person’, have prepared and approved the Scientific and 
Technical Information in this AIF. Mr. Wober and Mr. Rocque have consented to the inclusion of the Technical Information in t he 
form and context in which it appears in th is AIF.  - 7 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
CORPORATE STRUCTURE  
Name, Incorporation, and Registered Office  
The Corporation was incorporated on October 10, 1986 as “R B Technologies Inc.” under the Company Act (British Columbia). On 
November 18, 1986, the Corporation’s name was changed to “Vertech Systems Corporation”, then on June 26, 1989, to “Vercan 
Investmen ts Inc.”, then on January 26, 1998, to “Watersave Logic Corporation”, then on July 27, 2006, to “Abode Mortgage 
Holdings Corp.”, then on August 19, 2013, to “Ayubowan Capital Ltd.”  
On June 13, 2017, the Corporation’s name was changed to “Discovery Metals Corp.”, and subsequently on April 13, 2021, to 
“Discovery Silver Corp.”, the Corporation exists pursuant to the Business Corporations Act  (British Columbia). See “ General 
Development of the Business – Three Year History – 2021 Developments ” in this AIF for further details.  
The principal place of business of the Corporation is located at 701 -55 University Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The registered 
office of the Corporation is 2200 HSBC Building, 885 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.  
The Corporation also has offices in the Mexican cities of Chihuahua, Parral, and Hermosillo to support the Cordero Project.  
Intercorporate Relationships  
A significant portion of the Corporation’s business is carried on through its various subsidiaries. The following chart illus trates, as 
at the date of this AIF, the Corporation’s subsidiaries, including their respective places of incorporation and the percentage of voting 
securities in each that are held by the Corporation either directly or indirectly.  
  
Upon completion of the Porcupine Acquisition, the Corporation will hold a 100% direct interest in Dome Mine Ltd .  
- 8 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS  
Three Year History  
2022 Developments  
On January 13, 2022, the Corporation filed on SEDAR+ its NI 43 -101 technical report titled “Preliminary Economic Assessment of 
the Cordero Silver Project Chihuahua State, Mexico, dated November 30, 2021” in respect of Discovery’s Cordero Project. The 
report was authored by Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. with support from AGP Mining Consultants Inc. and Knight Piésol d and 
Co. (USA).  
On February 1, 2022, the Corporation announced its 2022 work program and budget for its Cordero Project.  
On March 14, 2022, the Corporation announced the appointment of Anthony Esplin as Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation.  
On April 12, 2022, the Corporation announced the appointment of Tony Makuch to the board of directors of the Corporation (the  
“Board ”). 
On June 6, 2022, the Corporation announced a leadership transition with Tony Makuch appointed as Interim Chief Executive Offi cer.  
On June 9, 2022, the Corporation announced that an aggregate total of 22,727,267 Warrants and 804,545 Finder Warrants with an  
exercise price of $0.77 per Common Share and $0.55 per Common Share, respectively, were exercised prior to their expiry on Ma y 
29, 2022, and June 8, 2022, respectively, resulting in gross cash proceeds of approximately $18 million over the exercise period.   
On June 27, 2022, the Corporation announced the results of its Annual General Meeting held on June 24, 2022, noting in partic ular 
that Mark O’Dea did not stand for re -election.  
On July 21, 2022, the Corporation announced the release of its 2021 ESG Report.  
On August 2, 2022, the Corporation announced the filing of (i) an amended technical report titled “Preliminary Economic 
Assessment of the Cordero Silver Project Chihuahua State, Mexico”, dated July 27, 2022, originally dated November 30, 2021; a nd 
(ii) an updated 2021 Annual Information Form dated July 29, 2022.  
On November 11, 2022 the Corporation announced the receipt of its official Socially Responsible Enterprise (Empresa Socialmen te 
Responsible, or ESR) Distinction and provided other updates on its 2022 ESG initiatives.  
2023 Developments  
On January 12, 2023, the Corporation announced its 2023 work program and budget for the Cordero Project.  
On January 23, 2023, the Corporation announced the appointment of Tony Makuch as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. 
As noted above, Mr. Makuch had been the Interim Chief Executive Officer since June 6, 2022.  
On January 24, 2023, the Corporation reported its Preliminary Feasibility Study on the Cordero Project with an after -tax net present 
value of US$1.2 billion, an internal rate of return of 28%, and a payback period of approximately four years. The NI 43 -101 technical 
report in respect of this Preliminary Feasibility Study on the Cordero Project was filed on February 10, 2023.  
On February 2, 2023, the Corporation graduated to the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “ TSX ”) and delisted from the TSX Venture 
Exchange.  
On February 10, 2023, the Corporation filed its NI 43 -101 technical report titled “Cordero Silver Project – NI 43 -101 Technical 
Report & Pre -Feasibility Study” with an effective date of January 20, 2023, in respect of the Cordero Project. The report was au thored 
by Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. with support from AGP Mining Consultants Inc., Hard Rock Consulting, LLC, and Knight 
Piésold Ltd. (USA).  - 9 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
On March 22, 2023, the Corporation announced results from follow -up drilling activity at the Cordero Project, since the release of 
the pre -feasibility study, which showed a number of higher -grade intercepts within and below the reserves pit in areas that w ere 
previously modeled as low -grade or waste demonstrating the potential to further lower the strip ratio through converting waste to 
ore within the pit and to expand the pit at depth.  
On March 24, 2023, the Corporation filed a final short form base shelf prospectus in each of the provinces and territories in  Canada. 
The prospectus allows for the sale of Common Shares, warrants, subscription receipts  and units  of the Corporation  in one or more 
series of issuances for aggregate gross proceeds of up to C$300 million for a period of 25 months following the filing.  
On April 19, 2023, the Corporation closed a “bought deal” public offering consisting of the sale of 43,125,000 Common Shares at a 
price of C$1.20 per Common Share for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately C$51.75 million, which included the exercise i n 
full of an over -allotment option. The offering was conducted by a syndicate of underwriters led by Clarus Securities Inc. and Cormark 
Securities Inc.  
On May 24, 2023, the Corporation announced results from additional drilling at the Cordero project, highlighting the potentia l to 
further grow reserves within and on the margins of the open pit.  
On June 22, 2023, the Corporation provided a further update on critical de -risking items on the Cordero project; securing surface 
rights, identifying potential sources of water for the project and obtaining water rights, power capacity in the existing gri d and 
accessibility of the grid for mine operations and updates on permits.  
On July 6, 2023, the Corporation announced the release of its 2022 ESG Report.  
On August 2, 2023, the Corporation announced results from further drilling at the Cordero project consisting of reserve expan sion 
and definition drilling to be incorporated in a Feasibility Study in conjunction with a resource update planned for the first  half of 
2024.  
On August 24, 2023, the Corporation announced key appointments to the Board and the Management Team: Barry Olson joining 
the Board; Jonathan Gill and Mike Neumann becoming advisors  to the Board; José Jabalera appointed as the Director, Corporate 
Affairs Mexico; Gord Leavoy appointed as the Vice President, Mineral Processing, and Bindu Satyajit appointed as the Corporat e 
Secretary and Manager, Administrative Services.  
On August 31, 2023, the Corporation formally submitted for evaluation its Environmental Impact Assessment (Manifestacion de 
Impacto Ambiental or “ MIA ”), one of the principal permits required for the development of the Cordero project, to Secretaría de 
Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales (“ SEMARNAT ”), the federal government agency responsible for evaluating MIA 
submissions.  
On October 26, 2023, the Corporation announced results from its Feasibility Study (“ FS”) metallurgical test program from its 
Cordero project that demonstrated improved metallurgical performance including a higher proportion of silver recovered to the  
precious metals concentrate, significantly lower reagent consumption and improved oxide -sulphide blending.  
On November 29, 2023, the Corporation announced the departure of Tony Esplin as the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the 
Corporation.  
2024 Developments  
On January 24, 2024, the Corporation announced its 2024 work program for the Cordero Project.  
On February 20, 2024, the Corporation announced the results from its Feasibility Study on the Cordero Project with an average  
annual production of 37 Moz AgEq (Year 1 to Year 12), an average AISC of less than $12.50 over the first eight years of the m ine 
life, after -tax NPV5% (“ NPV ”) of $1.2 billion and IRR of 22% with NPV expanding to $2.2 billion in Year 4, reserves of Ag – 302 
Moz, Au – 840 koz, Pb – 3.0 Blb and Zn – 5.2 Blb and an initial investment of over $600 million and estimated tax contributions o f 
over $1.4 billion within Mexico.  The NI 43 -101 technical report in respect of this Feasibility Study on the Cordero Project was filed 
on April 1 , 2024.  - 10 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
On April 1, 2024, the Corporation filed its NI 43 -101 technical report titled “Cordero Silver Project – NI 43 -101 Technical Report 
& Feasibility Study” with an effective date of February 16, 2024, in respect of the Cordero Project in Mexico. The report was  
authored by Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC, with support from AGP Mining Consultants Inc., WSP USA Environment and 
Infrastructure Inc. and RedDot3D Inc.  
On June 5, 2024, the Corporation announced the appointment of Mark Utting as Vice President, Investor Relations.  
On August 22, 2024, the Corporation announced the release of its 2023 ESG Report.  
Recent Developments  
On January 27, 2025, the Corporation entered into the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement . The Purchase Price consists of US$200 
million payable in cash and US$75 million payable through the issuance of an aggregate of 119,716,667 Consideration Shares, b oth 
of which are payable on the Porcupine Acquisition Closing  and are subject  to customary closing adjustments, and US$150 million 
of deferred consideration to be paid in four annual cash payments of US$37.5 million commencing on December 31, 2027. The 
Porcupine  Acquisition Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among other things, the transfer of the Porcupine Complex 
by GDC to Dome Mine Ltd.  (which will be subject to certain approvals, including the consent of Ontario's Ministry of Mines) 
pursuant to an asset purchase agreement to be entered into between GDC and Dome Mine Ltd.  (the " Reorganization "), receipt of 
all required regulatory approvals (including the approval of the TSX and approval, or expiry of the waiting period, under the  
Competition A ct (Canada)), and other customary closing conditions for a transaction of this nature.  
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the TSX, the Corporation is required to obtain shareholder approval for the issuance of the 
Consideration Shares because the number of Consideration Shares issuable under the Porcupine Acquisition exceeds 25% of the 
outstand ing Common Shares on a pre -acquisition, non -diluted basis (the " Dilution Threshold "). The Corporation called a special 
meeting of the shareholders for the purpose of, among other things, considering and approving an ordinary resolution in respe ct of 
such a pproval, to be held on March 27, 2025 (the “ March 2025 Special Meeting ”). In order to be passed, the resolution requires 
the affirmative vote of a simple majority of shareholders voting in person or by proxy at such meeting. The Corporation  has entered 
into voting support agreements with its directors, officers and certain other shareholders, holding in the aggregate approximately  
35% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares, pursuant to which such security holders have agreed to vote in favour of the  
issuance of the Consideration Shares under the Porcupine Acquisition.  
 
Pursuant to the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement, in the event that shareholder approval is not obtained at the March 2025 Spe cial 
meeting, the number of Consideration Shares to be issued to GDC on the Porcupine Acquisition Closing shall be reduced to 
94,51 2,921 Consideration Shares, and the first deferred cash payment payable to GDC on December 31, 2027 shall be increased 
from US$37.5 million to US$53,289,622 in which case, pursuant to the requirements of the TSX, the issuance of such lesser num ber 
of Consi deration Shares will not be subject to approval by the Corporation's shareholders because such issuance will not exceed the 
Dilution Threshold. Accordingly, the receipt of shareholder approval is not a condition to closing the Acquisition.  
 
Pursuant to the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement, Discovery and GDC agreed to the forms of (i) a transition services agreement  
(the " Transition Services Agreement ") and (ii) an investor rights agreement (the " Investor Rights Agreement "), in each case 
between Discovery and GDC, to be entered into at the Porcupine Acquisition Closing.  
 
The Transition Services Agreement provides for GDC to provide, or cause its affiliates to provide, certain services to Discovery that 
are required for the operation of the Porcupine Complex in a similar manner as the Porcupine Complex was operated immediately 
prior to the Porcupine Acquisition Closing. In exchange for the services to be provided under the Transition Services Agreement, 
Discovery  has agreed to pay GDC certain prescribed service fees in accordance with the terms of the Transition Services Agreement 
and reimburse GDC for certain prescribed expenses. The Transition Services Agreement shall be effective until six months foll owing 
the P orcupine Acquisition Closing, unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, subject to the right of the Corporation  to 
extend the term of the Transition Services Agreement for an additional three months upon at least 10 days advance written noti ce to 
GDC.  
 - 11 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Under the Investor Rights Agreement, for so long as GDC owns at least 10% of the Common Shares, GDC shall have the right, but  
not the obligation, to designate either one nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation or appoint one individual as a non-voting 
observer to the Board. The Investor Rights Agreement also contains certain pre -emptive and top -up rights in favour of the Seller, 
provided the Seller owns at least 10% of the Common Shares. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, the parties have also made 
certain covenants, including certain covenants from GDC relating to standstill restrictions and voting support and covenants 
regarding certain restrictions and conditions on the disposition of Common Shares.  
 
For the purposes of financing the Porcupine Acquisition, as well as to fund capital expenditures and support working capital needs 
following completion of the Porcupine Acquisition, Discovery has entered into an implementation agreement dated January 27, 2 025 
(the " Implementation Agreement ") with Franco -Nevada Corporation (“ Franco -Nevada ”) pursuant to which Franco -Nevada has 
agreed to, or to cause certain of its affiliates to: (i) enter into a net smelter return royalty agreement on the Porcupine A cquisitio n 
Closing pursuant to which an affiliate of Franco -Nevada will purchase from Dome Mine Ltd.  upon the closing of the Acquisition 
for consideration of US$300 million: (A) a 2.25% life -of-mine net smelter return royalty on all minerals produced from the Porcupine 
Complex (the " Fixed Royalty "); and (B) an additional 2.00% fixed and early repayable royalty on all minerals produced from the 
Porcupine Complex (the " Repayable Royalty " and together with the Fixed Royalty, the " Franco -Nevada Royalty Package "); and 
(ii) enter into a term loan agreement (the " Term Loan Agreement ") on the Porcupine Acquisition Closing pursuant to which an 
affiliate of Franco -Nevada will make available, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to any advance thereunder, to 
Dome Mine Ltd. , as borrower, upon closing of the Porcupine Acquisition, a US$100 million term loan facility (the " Credit 
Facility "), to be guaranteed by the Corporation, and any future subsidiary of the Corporation subject to certain exceptions, and, to 
the extent advanced, the Term Loan Agreement will be secured by, among other things, all assets of the Corporation and Dome Mine 
Ltd. other than the Cordero Project, including, for avoidance of doubt the Porcupine Complex and all of the shares of Dome Mine 
Ltd. (collectively, the " Franco -Nevada Financing Package "). The Implementation Agreement provides for the closing conditions 
and closing deliverables that must be respectively, satisfied and delivered in order for funding to occur in respect of the F ranco -
Nevada Royalty Package.  In addition, Franco -Nevada purchased 78,833,333 Subscription Receipts (as hereinafter defined) under 
the Offering (as hereinafter defined).  The Subscription Receipts issued to Franco -Nevada and the Common Shares underlying the 
Subscription Receipts are subject to a two -year lock -up. In addition, Tony Makuch, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, 
and Murray John, the Chairman of the C orporation, have each entered into two -year lock -up agreements with Franco -Nevada 
Corporation . 
 
The Repayable Royalty will be reduced to zero upon the earlier of Franco -Nevada receiving payments from production equal to 
72,000 gold ounces or receipt by Franco -Nevada of a one -time early cash payment from Discovery (through Dome Mine Ltd. , as 
payor), at Discovery's sole option, equal to a 12% (annual) pre -tax internal rate of return on US$100 million.  
 
In connection with the Franco -Nevada Royalty Package, Discovery has agreed that if prior to the Porcupine Acquisition Closing 
there is a change in applicable law or any interpretation thereof that would materially adversely impact the status of the Fr anco -
Nevada Royalty Package as an interest in land, then at or after the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, the parties shall work together to 
amend the Franco -Nevada Royalty Package or if that is not possible to achieve then Franco -Nevada shall be granted a first priority 
security interest over the Porcupine property to secure Dome Mine Ltd. 's obligations under and in connection with the Franco -
Nevada Royalty Package, which security shall be subordinated in certain circumstances.  
 
The Credit Facility will be made available to Discovery (through Dome Mine Ltd. , as borrower) to fund capital expenditures and 
support working capital at the Porcupine Complex following completion of the Porcupine Acquisition and subject to the satisfa ction 
of the conditions precedent to any advance thereunder. The Credit Facility wi ll be available to be drawn for two years following the 
Porcupine Acquisition Closing, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. Amounts drawn under the Credi t Facility 
will accrue interest at a rate of three -month SOFR plus 450 basis points per annum. The maturity date of the Credit Facility will be 
seven years and one day from the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, and no principal repayments will be required for  the first five years 
after the Porcupine Acquisition Closing followed by eight quarterly payments equal to 5.0% of the balance outstanding. Any 
principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest remaining outstanding on the maturity date will be due and  payable on the 
maturity date. The Credit Facility will be secured by a first ranking security interest on, among other things, all present a nd after -
acquired property of Discovery and Dome Mine Ltd. , including, for avoidance of doubt, the Porcupine Complex, all shares of Dome 
Mine Ltd.  and all after -acquired assets of Discovery and Dome Mine Ltd. , including, for avoidance of doubt, any additional mining - 12 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
projects and guaranteed by the Corporation and any future subsidiary of the Corporation subject to certain exceptions . The 
Corporation (through Dome Mine Ltd. , as borrower) shall pay an upfront fee equal to 2% on any principal drawn and will pay a 
standby fee of 100 basis points per annum on undrawn funds. The Credit Facility is intended to be used as a standby working c apital 
facility following completion of t he Porcupine Acquisition and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to any advanc e 
thereunder. At the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, the Corporation is expected to add a total of approximately C$236 million 
(approximately US$160 million) of cash to its balance sheet, with the US$100 million Credit Facility remaining undrawn . In 
addition, pursuant to the Implementation Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement, the Corporation will issue to Franco -Nevada 
on the date on which the Term Loan Agreement is executed, 3,900,000 common share purchase warrants (the " Franco  Warrants "). 
Each Franco War rant will be exercisable into one Common Share at a price of C$0.95 for a period of three years following the date 
of issuance.  
 
On February 3, 2025, the Corporation completed a bought deal public offering (the “ Offering ”) consisting of the sale  of 275,000,000 
subscription receipts of the Corporation (the “ Subscription Receipts ”) at a price of C$0.90 per Subscription Receipt (the “ Offering 
Price ”) for aggregate gross proceeds of C$247,500,000,  which included 25,000,000 Subscription Receipts issued pursuant to the 
exercise, in full, of the over -allotment option granted to the underwriters in connection with the Offering. The gross pro ceeds from 
the sale of the Subscription Receipts, less 50% of the underwriters’ fee that was payable on closing of the Offering, have be en 
deposited and will be held in escrow by TSX Trust Company, as subscription receipt agent, pending the satisfaction or  waiver of 
certain escrow release conditions. Each Subscription Receipt will entitle the holder to receive, without payment of additiona l 
consideration and without further action, one Common Share upon the Porcupine Acquisition Closing. If (i) the Porcupin e 
Acquisition Closing does not occur on or before 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on June 30, 2025 (the “ Deadline ”), (ii) the notice certifying 
that the escrow release conditions to the Subscription Receipts has not been delivered to TSX Trust Company on or before the 
Deadline, (iii) the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement is terminated on or before the Deadline, or (iv)  the Corporation advises TSX 
Trust Company and the co -lead underwriters to the Offering, or announces to the public that it does not intend to proceed  with the 
Porcupine Acquisition, TSX Trust Company will return to holders of Subscription Receipts from the escrowed funds, an amount p er 
Subscription Receipt equal to the Offering Price plus a pro rata  share of any earned interest, net of any applicable withholding taxes.  
 
For more information about  the Porcupine Acquisition, please see the management information circular of the Corporation dated 
February 24, 2025 mailed  in connection with the March 2025 Special Meeting which is available under the Corporation’s issuer 
profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . 
Significant Acquisitions  
The Corporation did not complete any significant acquisitions during the financial year ended December 31, 2024.   On January 27, 
2025, the Corporation announced that it had entered into the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement  to acquire from a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Newmont 100% of Newmont’s interest in the Porcupine Complex  based in and near Timmins, Ontario, Canada . The 
Corporation anticipates completing the Porcupine Acquisition in the first half of 2025 which will be a significant acquisitio n under 
applicable Canadian securities laws . See discussion in this AIF under the headings “ General Development of the Business – Three 
Year History – Recent Developments ” and “ Porcupine Complex ” for more information about the Porcupine Complex and the 
Porcupine Acquisition.  
Foreign Operations and Emerging Market Issuer Disclosure  
Operations in an Emerging Market Jurisdiction  
The Corporation’s mineral properties and principal business operations are located in a foreign jurisdiction, namely Mexico. 
Operating in Mexico exposes the Corporation to various degrees of political, economic, and other risks and uncertainties.  
Legal Framework  
The Mexican legal framework is based in a civil law system, and therefore the majority of legal principles are set out in wri tten codes 
and laws. Written codes and laws are the main source for law, leaving case law and customs as a limited and secondary so urce of - 13 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
interpretation. This, as opposed to common law systems, provides a fairly stable legal environment, allowing citizens and 
corporations to have a clear understanding of their rights and obligations.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain matters may be subject to case law interpretations, which usually relate to a mining t itle 
owner´s ability to perform activities under the rights granted under its properties and assets, than to the good standing of its properties 
and assets. The following matters are the most common issues subject to judicial and administrative interpretation: (i) the p resence 
of ethnic minorities in the territory covering a mining right, and the need for public hearings prior to the commencement of certain 
mining activities; and (ii) the presence of environmental areas of special interest, or those restricted from mining and the possibility 
to perform mining activities in overlapping areas. These matters have been widely considered un der Mexican constitutional case 
law, setting a clear understanding of its scope and framework.  
Board and Management Experience  
Key members of the Corporation’s management team and Board have extensive experience running foreign business operations, 
including operations in Mexico and other Latin American countries.  
Tony Makuch, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, was previously Executive Vice President and President of Canadia n 
Operations of Tahoe Resources Inc. (since acquired by Pan American Silver) which had multiple mineral operations in Latin 
America . 
Andreas L’Abbé, the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, was previously the Director of Finance for Tahoe Resources In c., 
which has multiple mineral operations in Latin America (since acquired by Pan American Silver), and the Vice -President Finance 
for Timmins Gold Corp., which operated on multiple mineral properties in Mexico.  
Forbes Gemmell, the Vice President of Corporate Development of the Corporation, was previously the Chief Executive Officer of  
Lago Dourado Minerals Ltd., a gold exploration company focused on Brazil, and Vice President of Corporate Development of 
Guyana Go ldfields Inc, a gold company with an operating gold mine in Guyana.  
Roman Solis, the Vice President, Mexico, is Mexican and his career of more than 20 years has focused on exploration, strategy , and 
planning in Mexico. He was previously Chief Geologist at Alio Gold Inc. based in Sonora, Mexico.  
Gernot Wober, the Vice President of Exploration of the Corporation has more than 35 years’ experience in the mining industry 
including substantial focus in Latin America in senior management positions.  
Daniel Vickerman, a director of the Corporation, was previously the Chairman of Levon Resources Ltd. (“Levon”) prior to its 
acquisition by the Corporation in 2019. Levon has owned the rights to the Cordero Project in Chihuahua, Mexico since 2011 (an d 
conti nues to hold those rights as a subsidiary of the Corporation), including during the tenure of Mr. Vickerman’s leadership at 
Levon.  
Murray John and Jeff Parr have almost 10 years’ experience each with multiple mineral resource properties in Mexico . 
The Corporation’s executive and corporate senior management team is either fluent in both written and spoken Spanish, or has a 
working understanding of the language. In addition, the Corporation’s senior management in Mexico all speak fluent English or  
have working understanding of English. Language is not considered a barrier to operations.  
Permits and Approvals  
The Corporation has experienced senior management in Mexico who have dealt with permitting, licensing, and other regulatory 
approvals on a consistent basis and are in continuous contact with government authorities to ensure all are in place in order  to ope rate 
under the Mexican NORMA -120 laws. There are currently no restrictions or conditions imposed by the government on the 
Corporation, nor does the Corporation anticipate and restrictions or conditions to be imposed.  - 14 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Board Oversight and Control  
The Corporation has implemented a system of corporate governance, internal controls over financial matters, and disclosure co ntrols 
and procedures that apply to the Corporation and its subsidiaries, which are overseen by the Board and implemented by senior  
management.  
While the exploration operations of each of the Corporation’s Mexican subsidiaries are managed locally, the Board is responsi ble 
for the overall stewardship of the Corporation and, as such, supervises the management of the business and affairs of the Cor poration 
and each of its subsidiaries. More specifically, the Board is responsible for reviewing the strategic business plans and corp orate 
objectives, and approving acquisitions, dispositions, investments, capital expenditures, and other transactions and ma tters that are 
material to the Corporation including those of its subsidiaries.  
The Board, through its subcommittees, including the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and 
the Sustainability Committee, have effective oversight of the Corporation’s assets, including the Corporation’s bank accounts  (bank 
account reviews are completed annually through audit confirmations). The Corporation has put in place senior management in 
Mexico, and members of the Corporation’s executive management are directors of the subsidiaries. Budget -to-actual reports and 
status updates are provided to the Board on a monthly basis.  
Executive management of the Corporation meets with the Board at least on a quarterly basis and generally more frequently on an 
informal basis  to discuss  any relevant or key topics in Mexico as they relate to operations , and with respect to potential merger and 
acquisition transactions and corporate opportunities . Key topics include social and environmental licenses, and government influence 
at the federal, state, and municipal levels. The Corporation holds minimal cash in Mexican bank accounts (banking with the Ba nk 
of Nova Scotia in Mexico) and funds the Mexican  operations from Canada on a monthly b asis. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS  
The Corporation is principally engaged in the acquisition, exploration  and development of mineral properties, with a focus on 
advancing assets capable of supporting profitable operations and generating attractive returns for all stakeholders. The Corp oration 
has exposure to silver through its current primary asset, the Cordero Project in Chihuahua, Mexico, a large -scale, silver -dominant 
polymetallic deposit with the potential to become one of the world’s largest silver producers over a long mine life. On Ja nuary 27, 
2025, the Corporation announced a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of Newmont Corporation’s interest in the Porcupine 
Complex (“Porcupine” or the “Complex”) in and near Timmins, Ontario, Canada. Through the addition of Porcupine, the 
Corporat ion will become a Canadian -based gold producer, with multiple operating mines, in a historic gold camp.  The acquisition 
is expected to close in the first half of 2025 and the Corporation will then focus on integrating the operations, growing pro duction, 
enhancing efficiency, and advancing numerous exploration opportunities within the Complex . .  
The Cordero Project  
The Cordero Project is considered one of the world’s largest undeveloped silver resources. The Cordero Project has all the at tributes 
of a quality project: grade, scale, significant organic growth opportunities, and well located in mining -friendly Chihuahu a state on a 
prolific silver belt. Since acquiring the Cordero Project in August 2019, Discovery’s focus has been on leveraging the under -explored 
higher -grade zones within the larger mineralized system with the objective of defining a high -margin project with scale.   
A new  Mineral  Resource estimate, incorporating geology and structure for the first time as well as data from more than 500 drill 
holes was filed on December 6, 2021 (effective October 20, 2021). This was followed by a new “Preliminary Economic Assessment  
of the Cordero  Silver Project” (the “ PEA Report ”), focused on the Cordero Project’s high -grade resource and integrating new 
metallurgical testwork and engineering studies, that was filed on January 13, 2022, and amended and restated on July 27, 2022  (with 
an effective d ate of November 30, 2021), and by the “Cordero Silver Project: NI 43 -101 Technical Report & Pre -feasibility Study 
(Chihuahua State, Mexico)” (the “ PFS”) with an effective date of January 20, 2023, published on February 10, 2023 (the “ PFS 
Report ”).  
The most recent NI 43 -101 technical report on the Cordero Project is the “Cordero Silver Project: NI 43 -101 Technical Report & 
Feasibility Study (Chihuahua State, Mexico)” (the “ Cordero Technical Report ”) with an effective date of February 16, 2024, and - 15 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
a report date of March 28, 2024 . The Mineral Resource Estimate for Cordero was most recently updated in August 2023. This 
update incorporated an additional 33,400 m of drilling for a total of 310,900 m of drilling in 793 drill holes. The Measured & 
Indicated Resource grew by 70 Moz AgEq  to 1,202 Moz AgEq with the Inferred Resource decreased by 12 Moz AgEq to 155 Moz 
AgEq. The Mineral Reserve Estimate for Cordero was most recently updated in February 2024. The Mineral Reserve for silver grew 
36 Moz or 14% to  302Moz. On an AgEq basis,  the Mineral Reserve increased 68 Moz or 10% to 779 Moz, with the increase related 
to successful resource expansion drilling as well as the impact of positive metallurgical test results in 2023 that supported  oxide -
sulphide blend ing up to 15% oxides versus only 10% oxides previously. The Cordero Technical Report includes all material 
information about the Cordero Project. The Cordero Technical Report and the NI 43 -101 Resource updates are available on the 
Corporation’s issuer prof ile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca  or on the Corporation’s website at www.discoverysilver.com.  
For further details concerning the Cordero Project, please see “ THE CORDERO PROJECT “ in this AIF.  
Expected Changes to the Business  
Other than the Porcupine Acquisition , Management of the Corporation does not expect any material changes to the business; 
however, as is typical of the mineral exploration and development industry, from time to time the Corporation reviews potential 
merger, acquisition, investment, divestiture, and joint venture transactions and opportunities that could enhance shareholder  value . 
See “ General  Description of the Business – Three Year History – Recent Developments ”. 
Current scientific and technical information may change as a result of further exploration and development programs. Accordin gly, 
readers of this AIF are urged to read the press releases issued by the Corporation as they become available at www.sedarplus.ca  for 
full and up -to-date information concerning the Corporation’s business and its material exploration property interests.  
Area of Interest and Limitations on the Business  
In order to keep the claims in good standing at the Cordero Project, the Corporation was required to spend a minimum of 
approximately US$3.5 million during 2024 and actually spent approximately US$ 16.0 million during that year. The Corporation has 
met the annual work requirements on the Cordero Project.  
Competitive Conditions  
The Corporation’s business is intensely competitive, and the Corporation competes with other exploration, development, and mi ning 
companies, many of which also have significant resources and experience. As described in this AIF under “ Risk Factors ”, 
competition in the base metals mining industry is primarily for mineral rich properties which can be developed and operated 
economically and the capital of which can be used for the purpose of financing development of desired properties. In addition , this 
compet ition may impact the Corporation’s ability to recruit or retain qualified employees with the technical expertise to find, dev elop, 
or operate such properties.  
Specialized Skills and Knowledge  
Successful exploration, development and operation of the Cordero Project will require access to personnel in a wide variety o f 
disciplines, including engineers, geologists, geophysicists, drillers, managers, project managers, accounting, financial and 
admi nistrative staff, and others. Management believes that the Corporation’s access to the skills and experience needed for succe ss 
is sufficient.  
 
Employees and Directors  
Discovery believes that its success is dependent on the performance of its management and key employees, many of whom have 
specialized knowledge and skills relating to the precious and base metals’ mining and exploration business. Discovery believe s it 
has adequate personnel with the specialized skills required to successfully carry out its operations. As at December 31, 2024, th e 
Corporation and its subsidiaries had 35 direct employees.  - 16 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Key members of the Corporation’s management team and Board have extensive experience, skills, and knowledge in the exploratio n, 
discovery, development and operations of deposits and mines in development  Canada, Mexico and other Latin American countries 
as well as running foreign business operations .  
Tony Makuch, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, has over 35 years of mining industry experience and was most 
recently President, CEO and director of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. (“ Kirkland Lake ”) from 2016 to 2021, leading the transformation 
of the company with a share price increasing over 530% during his tenure. Prior to joining Kirkland Lake, Mr. Makuch was the CEO 
and President of Lake Shore Gold, which was acquired by Tahoe Resources in 201 6.   
Andreas L’Abbé, the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, has spent over 10 years of his career specifically focused on  Mexico. 
Mr. L’Abbé was previously the Director of Finance for Tahoe Resources Inc., which has multiple mineral operations in Latin  
America, and the Vice -President Finance for Timmins Gold Corp., which operated on multiple mineral properties in Mexico.  
Roman Solis the Senior Vice President, Mexico, is a Mexican national and, during his career of more than 20 years, has focuse d on 
exploration, strategy, and planning in Mexico. He was previously Chief Geologist at Alio Gold Inc. based in Sonora, Mexico.  
José Jabalera, the Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Sustainability, Mexico, is a Mexican national and has worked 
collaboratively with mining companies and different government agencies in areas such as community consultation, community 
agreements an d in developing guidelines for responsible mining in Mexico. Prior to joining the Corporation, he was the General 
Director of Mining Development in the Federal Ministry of Economy (Mexico) from 2019 to 2022 and served as Director of Mining  
for the State Go vernment of Chihuahua and Industrial Promoter from 2010 to 2019.  
Gernot Wober, the Vice President of Exploration of the Corporation has more than 35 years’ experience in the mining industry 
including substantial focus in Latin America in senior management positions.  
Dimitry Demianyuk the Vice President of Projects and has more than 20 years of experience in project development, project 
management and engineering management. His experience spans base metals and precious metals, and he advanced projects in 
numerous juri sdictions in North and South Americas, Asia, and Europe.  
Gord Leavoy, the Vice President of Mineral Processing has over 40 years’ experience in mineral processing including processin g 
plant operations, plant maintenance, plant design and construction and mine tailings dam construction and operation.  
Forbes Gemmell, the Vice President of Corporate Development of the Corporation has more than 15 years’ experience in the mini ng 
industry across capital markets, exploration, project development and operations, including senior and executive management r oles 
for Guyana Goldfields Inc. and Lago Dourado Minerals Ltd., companies with operations in Latin America.  
Mark Utting, the Vice President of Investor Relations has  over 35 years of experience in investor relations, finance and corporate 
communications, mainly in the mining and financial services sectors.  
Daniel Vickerman, a director of the Corporation, was previously the Chairman of Levon prior to its acquisition by the Corpora tion 
in 2019. Levon has owned the rights to the Cordero Project in Chihuahua, Mexico since 2011 (and continues to hold those right s as 
a subsidiary of the Corporation), including during the tenure of Mr. Vickerman’s leadership at Levon.  
Murray John and Jeff Parr have been directors of the Corporation since 2017, and through the Corporation have experience with  
multiple mineral resource properties in Mexico. Murray John has additional significant experience in Mexico and Latin America  
through his current directorship roles with Prime Mining Corp. and Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd. while Mr. Parr serves as Vice Chair  
of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited, a company with global operations, including Mexico. Moira Smith has been a director since 2019  
and has extensive experience throughout the Americas, including managing successful exploration programs in the USA, Panama, 
and Mexico. Jennifer Wagner has been a director since 2021 and has more than 15 years of experience in corporate securities l aw in 
the mining sector, having most recently been EVP, Corporate Affairs and Sustainability at Kirkland Lake. Barry Olson joined the 
Board in 2024  and has extensive operating experience in Mexico, including building the Peñasquito mine, while at Goldcorp Inc.  - 17 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
The Corporation’s executive and corporate senior management team is either fluent in both written and spoken Spanish or has a  
working understanding of the language. In addition, the Corporation’s senior management in Mexico all speak fluent English or  
have  working understanding of English. Language is not considered a barrier to operations.  
Health, Safety, and Environment  
The Corporation places great emphasis on providing a safe and secure working environment for all of their employees and recog nizes 
the importance of operating in a sustainable manner.  
The Sustainability Committee of the Board meets at least quarterly to review the Corporation’s performance and compliance as 
related to such matters. Discovery has also adopted a Sustainability Charter and has communicated the importance of working i n a 
safe and secure working environment to all employees and significant contractors.  
The Corporation believes awareness and communication of risks are critical steps in preventing accidents on each of the property 
interests operated by the Corporation. The Corporation requires:  
• Mandatory orientation sessions for all site workers and visitors on the properties;  
• Drill safety meetings at start -up of drill programs, weekly safety meetings while drill programs are underway, and safety 
meetings after any accidents/incidents; and  
• The use of cell phones or “spot -devices” at all times for personnel in the field, including satellite phones when traveling to 
remote locations.  
The Corporation had zero lost-time incident during the year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no lost time incident s from 
January 1, 2025, to the date of this AIF.  
The Corporation is subject to federal, provincial, territorial, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Manageme nt have 
put in place ongoing monitoring programs at the Corporation’s properties and posts surety bonds, as required, in compliance  with 
state and local closure, reclamation, and environmental obligations. The estimate for future reclamation and property closure  costs 
(current and non -current) for the Corporation’s projects at December 31, 2024, was $nil.  
There were no environmental incidents at any of the exploration properties at which the Corporation is the operator through t he 
twelve months ended December 31, 2024, and up to the date of this AIF.  
One of the more significant environmental risks associated with the Corporation’s exploration projects relates to the handlin g of fuel 
and fuel storage systems. These risks are mitigated through the use of various spill protection equipment. Management hav e also 
developed emergency plans in the event that a significant spill does occur. The Corporation maintains Material Safety Data Sh eets 
for substances where such is required and does not use anything in the drilling program other than standard additives, all generally 
benign, including bentonite, polymer, cement, soda ash, cellophane flakes, paper flakes, and (dish) detergent.  
Discovery’s projects are subject to periodic monitoring by government agencies with respect to environmental protection plans  and 
practices, which must be detailed when applying for exploration permits.  
Corporate Social Responsibility and ESG  
Discovery works closely with the communities, including ejidos, in the state of Chihuahua in Mexico in order to engage stakeh olders 
and build positive relationships based on transparency, trust, and shared benefits. Where possible, the Corporation hires lo cally for 
labour, earth works, geological services, water transport and piping supplies, camp services and supplies, infrastructure ite ms such 
as trailers and storage sheds, vehicles, and health and safety supplies and training, and all supplies are source d locally to the extent 
available. The Corporation has given presentations to the local communities, in order to explain the activities at the Corder o Project 
and has sponsored local events. As it relates to health and safety, the Corporation is constantly  investigating ways to continue 
supporting employees, communities, and other stakeholders.  - 18 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
In addition, on August  22, 2024, the Corporation published its fourth annual ESG report (based on 2023 data) in English and Spanish 
outlining accomplishments to date and strategy going forward. Key highlights include:  
•  Approximately $ 19.2 million in goods and services purchased from local Mexican businesses;  
• Over $ 8.8 million in salaries and benefits paid to local employees;  
• Total workforce of 85 includes 69 employees and 16 contractors;  
− Employees: 86% Mexican nationals, 14% Canadian  
− Contractors: 100% Mexican nationals  
− Diversity: 42% women, 58% men  
• Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions of 1, 228 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent;  
• Total water consumed of 866 m3; 
• Zero fatalities and a 3.23 total recordable injury frequency rate; and  
• Zero reportable environmental incidents  
• The only mining company to receive the Clean Industry Certification from the Mexican government  
 
All ESG reports are available on the Corporation’s website at discoverysilver.com . To the best of management’s knowledge, the 
Corporation’s activities in 2024 were, and continue to be, in compliance in all material respects with such environmental reg ulations 
applicable to its exploration activities. The Corporation intends to release its 2024 ESG report in the first half of 2025 .  
Foreign Operations  
The Corporation’s material property interests are located in Mexico, and as such the Corporation’s operations are exposed to various 
levels of regulatory, economic, political and other risks and uncertainties. See Foreign Operations Risk under “ Risk Factors ” below.  
 
Business Cycles  
Mining is a cyclical industry and commodity prices fluctuate according to global economic trends and conditions. See “ Risk 
Factors – Risk Related to the Cyclical Nature of the Mining Business ” below.  
 
RISK FACTORS  
An investment in securities of the Corporation involves a significant degree of risk and must be considered highly speculativ e 
due to the nature of the Corporation’s business and the present stage of exploration and development of its mineral property 
interests. There are a number of risks that may have a material and adverse impact on the future operating and financial 
performance of the Corporation and could cause the Corporation’s operating and financial performance to differ materially 
from the estimate s described in forward -looking statements related to the Corporation.  
The risks set out below are not the only risks facing the Corporation. There are widespread risks associated with any form 
of business and specific risks associated with Discovery’s business and its involvement in the mining industry, in particular  
the exp loration and development of precious and base metals projects.  
Resource exploration and development is a speculative business, characterized by a number of significant risks including, amo ng 
other things, unprofitable efforts resulting not only from the failure to discover mineral deposits but also from finding min eral 
deposits, which, though present, are insufficient in quantity or quality to return a profit from production. Shareholders of the 
Corporation may lose their entire investment.  
In addition to the other information set forth elsewhere in this AIF, the following risk factors should be carefully reviewed  by 
prospective investors. These risks may not be the only risks faced by Discovery. Risks and uncertainties not presently known by 
Discovery or which are presently considered immaterial may also adversely affect Discovery’s business, properties, results of  
operations and/or condition (financial or otherwise). If any of the following risks actually occur, the Corporation’s business, 
financial condition, results, and prospects could be adversely affected.  - 19 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Discovery or those that are currently deemed immaterial may also im pair 
the Corporation’s business operations. If any such risks actually occur, the business, financial condition, and operating res ults of the 
Corporation could be materially harmed. All references to “ Discovery ” or the “ Corporation ” in this section entitled “ Risk Factors ” 
include Discovery and its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. Before making an investment d ecision, 
prospective investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties herein, as well as the other information containe d in the 
Corporation’s public filings.  
Mexico is still considered to be an emerging market. Many of the Risk Factors identified in this AIF reflect risks and charac teristics 
unique to operating in an emerging market.  
Risks Relating to the Porcupine Acquisition  
 
Closing of the Porcupine Acquisition  
The Porcupine Acquisition Closing is subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including the receipt of requ ired 
regulatory approvals. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Porcupine Acquisition – Regulatory Risk" . There is no certainty, nor 
can Discovery provide any assurance, that these conditions will be satisfied or, if satisfied, when they will be satisfied. A  substantial 
delay in obtaining regulatory approvals or the imposition of unfavourable terms or condit ions in the approvals could have a material 
adverse effect on Discovery's ability to complete the Porcupine Acquisition and on Discovery's business, financial condition,  results 
of operations or cash flows. The Corpo ration intends to consummate the Porcupine Acquisition as soon as practicable after obtaining 
the required regulatory approvals and satisfying the required closing conditions.  
Franco -Nevada Royalty Package  
Discovery's ability to complete the transactions contemplated under the Implementation Agreement is subject to certain custom ary 
conditions that Discovery must satisfy. If Discovery is unable to satisfy one or more of those conditions and such conditions  are not 
waived, Discovery will not be able to receive amounts under the Franco -Nevada Royalty Package to fund the Porcupine Acquisition. 
If Discovery cannot obtain the funds under the Franco -Nevada Royalty Package, Discovery may not have the cash necessary to fund 
the cash portion of the Purchase Price and close the Porcupine Acquisition, and the GCL will, in certain circumstances, have the 
right to terminate the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement. In addition, while it is possible that alternative sources of f inancing may 
not be available, alternative sources, if available, may be on terms that are less favourable than the terms of the Franco -Nevada 
Royalty Package.  
Potential Dispute with First Nations Community Could Have Adverse Consequences Following the Porcupine Acquisition Closing  
In November 2024, the Taykwa Tagmou Nation (" TTN ") filed a Statement of Claim against His Majesty the King in Right of Ontario 
represented by the Ministry of Northern Development, Mines, Natural Resources (" Ministry of Mines ") and the Ministry of 
Environment, Conservation and Parks (the " Ministry of the Environment "), GCL, and Newmont Corporation, claiming the Crown 
failed to protect TTN's lands and way of life from the impacts of mining in the Treaty No. 9 area, particularly, the Ministry  of Mines 
and Mini stry of Environment issued ten authorizations (the " Authorizations ") enabling GCL to resume open pit mining at the 
Pamour mine after 15 years of closure without consulting TTN or considering the impacts to TTN's Treaty rights (the " TTN 
Litigation "). Further, the Ministry of Mines accepted the GDC’s Closure Plan Amendment for filing, allowing the Pamour mine to 
reopen without consulting TTN, which TTN alleges breached the Mining Act and section 35 of the Constitution Act . In the Statement 
of Claim, TTN sough t certain relief including staying activities under the Authorizations issued to GDC until the Action in the 
Statement of Claim is heard, a declaration the Crown breached its constitutional duty to meaningful consult and accommodate T TN 
respecting the Auth orizations and the Crown violated Treaty No. 9 by issuing the Authorizations, quashing certain of the 
Authorizations, requiring the Crown to cooperate with TTN on various matters and seeking certain damages. TTN had previously 
brought an application for Ju dicial Review in July 2023 requesting relief respecting three of the mining exploration permits issued 
to the Seller. In January 2025, Newmont Corporation and the Seller filed a Notice of Intent to Defend with respect to this Ac tion. 
His Majesty the King i n Right of Ontario also filed a Notice of Intent to Defend in November 2024. The Corporation believes this 
claim is without merit.  
The outcome of this claim is uncertain and could result in delays, additional costs, or modifications to the Pamour mine, dif ficulty 
in obtaining financing and permits and difficulty in community relations. This claim, depending upon its pendency and resol ution, - 20 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
may give rise to material adverse effects on the Corporation's financial condition, operations, and prospects following the Porcupine 
Acquisition Closing.  
Unexpected Liabilities Related to the Porcupine Acquisition  
In connection with the Porcupine Acquisition, there may be liabilities including environmental liabilities associated with th e 
Porcupine Complex that the Corporation failed to discover or was unable to quantify in the due diligence which it conducted in 
connection with the Porcupine Acquisition and the Corporation may not be indemnified for some or all of these liabilities. Fo llowing 
the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, the Corporation may discover that it has acquired substantial undisclosed liabilities.  The 
discovery of any material liabilities, or the inability to obtain full indemnification for such liabilities, could have a mat erial adverse 
effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition or future prospects.  While the Corporation has estimated these potential 
liabilities for the purposes of making its decision to enter into the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement, there can be no assura nce that 
any resulting liability including environmental liabilities will not e xceed the Corporation's estimates.  
In addition, the Corporation may be unable to retain Porcupine's employees following the Porcupine Acquisition. The continuin g 
and collaborative efforts of the Porcupine Complex's employees are important to its success and its business would be harmed if it 
were to lose their services.  
The existence of undisclosed liabilities and the Corporation's inability to retain the Porcupine Complex's employees could ha ve an 
adverse impact on the Corporation's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Nature of Acquisitions  
Acquisitions of mineral properties are based in large part on engineering, environmental and economic assessments made by the  
acquiror, independent engineers and consultants. These assessments include a series of assumptions regarding such factors as 
opera tional performance, status of and impact of policy, legislation and regulations and effective tax rates. Many of these factor s are 
subject to change and are beyond Discovery's control. All such assessments involve a measure of engineering, environmental an d 
regulatory uncertainty that could result in lower revenue or higher operating or capital expenditures than anticipated.  
Information Provided by GCL  
Information related to the Porcupine Complex in this AIF is based on information provided by GCL. Although the Corporation has 
conducted what it believes to be a prudent and thorough level of investigation with respect to the Porcupine Complex in connection 
with the Porcupine Acquisition, a certain degree of risk remains regarding the accuracy and completeness of such information.  While 
the Corporation has no reason to believe the information obtained from GCL is misleading, untrue or incomplete , the Corpor ation 
cannot assure the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor can the Corporation compel GCL to disclose events which m ay 
have occurred or may affect the completeness or accuracy of such information, but which are unknown to the Corporation.  
Regulatory Risk  
The Porcupine Acquisition is conditional upon, among other things, (i) TSX approval, (ii) the completion of the Reorganizatio n 
(which will be subject to certain approvals, including the consent of Ontario's Ministry of Mines), and (iii) the approval, o r expiry 
of the waiting period, under the Competition Act  (Canada). A substantial delay in obtaining satisfactory approvals or the imposition 
of unfavourable terms or conditions in the approvals could have a material adverse effect on Discovery's ability to co mplete the 
Porcupine Acquisition and on Discovery's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or on the Porcup ine 
Complex .  
Failure to Realize Porcupine Acquisition Benefits  
There is a risk that some or all of the expected benefits of the Porcupine Acquisition may fail to materialize or may not occ ur within 
the time periods that Discovery anticipates. The realization of such benefits may be affected by a number of factors, man y of which 
are beyond the control of the Corporation.  
 
Moreover, a variety of factors, including those risk factors set forth in this AIF, may adversely affect the Corporation's ab ility to 
achieve the anticipated benefits of the Porcupine Acquisition.  
 - 21 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Integration of the Porcupine Complex  
Although the Corporation expects to realize certain benefits as a result of the Porcupine Acquisition, there is a possibility  that, 
following the Porcupine Acquisition, the Corporation is unable to successfully integrate the Porcupine Complex into its operations 
in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the Porcupine Acquisition or may be unable to do so within the anticipated ti meframe.  
The Corporation expects to implement certain operational improvements and cost -savings initiatives following the completion of 
the Porcupine Acquisition. Any cost -savings that the Corporation realizes from such efforts may differ materially from the 
Corpor ation's estimates. In addition, any cost -savings that the Corporation realizes may be offset, in whole or in part, by reductions 
in revenues or through increases in other expenses. The Corporation's operational improvements and cost -savings plans are subje ct 
to numerous risks and uncertainties that may change at any time.  
To effectively integrate the Porcupine  Complex into its current operations, Discovery must establish appropriate operational, 
administrative, finance, and management systems and controls functions relating to the Porcupine Complex. These efforts, toge ther 
with the ongoing integration following  the Porcupine Acquisition, will require substantial attention from Discovery's management. 
This diversion of management attention, as well as any other difficulties which Discovery may encounter in completing the 
Acqu isition and integration process, could have an adverse effect on Discovery's business, financial condition, results of operat ions 
and cash flows. There can be no assurance that Discovery will be successful in integrating the Porcupine Complex or that the 
expected benefits of the Porcupine Acquisition will be realized.  
Discovery Will Rely on GCL Following Completion of the Porcupine Acquisition for Certain Services  
 
In connection with the Porcupine Acquisition, Discovery and GCL agreed to enter into the Transition Services Agreement upon the 
closing of the Porcupine Acquisition pursuant to which GCL has agreed to provide, or cause its affiliates to provide, certain services 
to Discovery that are required for the operation of the Porcupine Complex in a similar manner as the Porcupine Complex was 
operated immediately prior to the Porcupine Acquisition Closing. As a result, Discovery will be reliant on GCL’s personnel, good 
faith, contractual compliance,  expertise and judgment in providing the services under the Transition Services Agreement, where the 
Corporation's ability to manage operational risks may be limited. Accordingly, Discovery may be exposed to adverse developmen ts 
in the business and affairs  of GCL, its management and to its financial strength.  
 
There can be no assurance that the services provided by GCL pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement will be adequate fo r 
the Corporation to operate the Porcupine Complex and facilitate the efficient and effective transition of business operations as 
currently contemplated, or at all. If GCL does not perform the services under the Transition Services Agreement as currently 
contemplated, the operations and financial performa nce of the Porcupine Complex may be negatively affected, which could have a 
mate rial adverse effect on the business, financial condition and future performance of the Corporation. If, after the expiration of the 
Transition Services Agreement, the Corporation is unable to perform these services or replace them in a timely manner or on terms 
and conditions as favorable as those under the Transition Services Agreement, the Corporation may experience operational prob lems 
and an increase in its costs.  
 
Failure by the Seller to meet its obligations under the Transition Services Agreement could have a material adverse effect on  the 
operation of the Porcupine Complex , which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
future performance of the Corporation.  
 
Litigation and Public Attitude towards the Porcupine Acquisition  
 
The Corporation may be exposed to increased litigation from shareholders or other third -parties  in connection with the Porcupine 
Acquisition. Such litigation may have an adverse impact on the Corporation's business and results of operations or may cause 
disruptions to the Corporation's operations. Even if any such claims are without merit, defending  against these claims can result in 
substantial costs and divert the time and resources of management.  
 
Furthermore, public attitudes towards the Porcupine Acquisition could result in negative press coverage and other adverse pub lic 
statements affecting the Corporation. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements could negatively impact the ability  of the - 22 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Corporation to achieve the benefits of the Porcupine Acquisition or take advantage of various business and market opportuniti es. 
The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a materia l adverse  
effect on the Corporation's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 
Porcupine Acquisition and Related Costs  
The Corporation expects to incur significant costs associated with completing the Porcupine Acquisition and integrating the 
operations of Discovery and the Porcupine Complex . The substantial majority of such costs will be non -recurring expenses resulting 
from the Porcupine Acquisition and will consist of transaction costs related to the Porcupine Acquisition. Additional unantic ipated 
costs may be incurred in the integration o f the Porcupine Complex into Discovery's existing business and such costs, if incur red, 
may have a negative effect on the Corporation's business, operations and financial performance and cash flows.  
Increased Indebtedness  
In financing the Porcupine Acquisition, Discovery may incur additional debt under the Credit Facility. Such borrowing, to the  extent 
incurred, would increase Discovery's consolidated indebtedness. Such additional indebtedness will increase Discovery's inte rest 
expense and debt service obligations and may have a negative effect on Discovery's results of operations and/or credit rating s. Such 
increased indebtedness may also make Discovery's results more sensitive to increases in interest rates. Discovery's de gree of leverage 
could have other important consequences for purchasers, including: (i) having a negative effect on Discovery's issuer debt ra ting; 
(ii) it may limit Discovery's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditur es, debt service requirements, 
acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; (iii) it may limit Discovery's ability to declare dividends on the Comm on 
Shares; (iv) Discovery may be vulnerable in a downturn in general economic conditions; and (v) Di scovery may be unable to make 
capital expenditures that are important to its growth and strategies.  
Risk of Default in the Repayment of Borrowing under the Franco -Nevada Financing Package  
The Corporation has secured the Franco -Nevada Financing Package which includes debt financing pursuant to the Credit Facility. 
In the event Discovery draws on the Credit Facility, Discovery may repay all or a portion of such borrowings using proceeds f rom 
the issuance of additional securities. If Discovery is unable to raise sufficient proceeds from such intended sale of such se curities on 
terms acceptable to Discovery, its ability to repay borrowings under the Credit Facility could be adversely affected. I n the event 
Discovery is unable to refinance borrowings it may incur under the Credit Facility in the manner Discovery intends, Discovery  may 
be required to utilize other sources of liquidity including cash on hand, cash from operating activities or other borrowings. Discovery 
may also be required to seek extensions to or modifications of the terms of the Credit Facility in order to defer the maturit y dates of 
any borrowings incurred thereunder. Depending upon credit market conditions at the time when borro wings, if any, are due for 
repayment, and Discovery's own financial performance at that time, Discovery may be unable to obtain extensions or modificati ons 
of the terms of the Credit Facility on terms satisfactory to Discovery, or at all, which could resul t in Discovery defaulting on its 
repayment obligations under the Credit Facility and being subject to various remedies available to Franco -Nevada thereunder 
including remedies available under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency legislation.  
Drawdowns Under the Term Loan Agreement are Subject to a Number of Conditions  
The ability of Discovery to borrower and obtain an advance under the Term Loan Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of 
conditions precedent by Dome Mine Ltd.  and Discovery which may be outside of control of Discovery to satisfy. For the initial 
advance, such conditions include, but are not limited to, the lender under the Term Loan Agreement being satisfied with a min e plan, 
financial model, including demonstr ating compliance with financial covenants, and technical reports for the Porcupine Complex, 
review and due diligence on disclosure schedules to the Term Loan Agreement, provision by Discovery and Dome Mine Ltd.  of the 
required security and opinions, including title opinions on the Porcupine Complex, no events having occurred that would indiv idually 
or in the aggregate have had or could reasonably have a material adverse effect, no default or event of default occ urring, among 
other conditions. For all advances, in addition to the conditions for the initial advance, certain additional customary condi tions 
precedent must be satisfied. The ability for Dome Mine Ltd.  to receive and access funds under the Term Loan Agreement is 
contingent on its ability to satisfy the required conditions to advance.  - 23 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Risks Relating to the Corporation’s Mineral Property Interests and the Corporation Generally  
 
Exploration, Development, and Operating Risks, and Risks Associated with the Early -Stage Status of the Corporation’s Mineral 
Properties and the Nature of Exploration could Have a Negative Effect on the Corporation’s Operations and Valuation  
The Corporation’s mineral property interests are of high risk and are considered to be speculative in nature. There is no cer tainty 
that the expenditures made by the Corporation towards the search for and evaluation of minerals with regard to its mineral p roperty 
interests, or otherwise, will result in discoveries of commercial quantities of silver or other minerals.  
In addition, the Corporation may expend substantial funds in exploring some of its properties only to abandon them and lose i ts 
entire expenditure on the properties if no commercial or economic quantities of minerals are found. Even if commercial quanti ties 
of minerals are discovered, the exploration properties might not be brought into a state of commercial production.  
Finding mineral deposits is dependent on a number of factors, including the technical skill of exploration personnel involved . The 
commercial viability of a mineral deposit once discovered is also dependent on a number of factors, some of which are the par ticular 
attributes of the deposit, such as content of the deposit including harmful substances, size, grade, and proximity to infrast ructure, as 
well as metal prices and the availability of power and water in sufficient supply to permit development. Most o f these factors are 
beyond the control of the entity conducting such mineral exploration. Where expenditures on a property have not led to the di scovery 
of mineral reserves, such incurred expenditures will generally not be recoverable. Furthermore, the exp loration for and development 
of mineral deposits involves significant risks which even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may n ot 
eliminate or even mitigate. While the discovery of a mineral -bearing structure may result in an inc rease in value for shareholders, 
few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Substantial expenditures are required to loc ate 
and establish mineral reserves through drilling, for development of metallurgical processes to  extract the metal from the ore, and in 
the case of new properties, for construction of the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen fo r mining.  
It is difficult to ensure that the exploration or development programs planned by the Corporation will result in a profitable  commercial 
mining operation. Whether a silver , gold  or other precious or base metal or mineral deposit will be commercially viable depends on 
a number of factors, some of which are: the particular attributes of the deposit, such as quantity and quality of mineralizat ion and 
proximity to infrastructure; min eral prices which are highly cyclical; and government regulations, including re gulations relating to 
prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals, and environmental protection. Other fac tors 
include: the ability to hire and retain qualified people, the ability to obtain suitable machinery, equi pment or labour, and the ability 
to obtain necessary services in jurisdictions in which the Corporation operates. Unfavourable changes to these and other fact ors have 
the potential to negatively affect the Corporation’s operations and business.  
In the exploration and development phases of a project, no absolute assurance can be given that any particular level of recov ery of 
minerals will be realized or that any potential quantities and/or grade will ever qualify as a resource, or that any such re source will 
ever qualify as a commercially mineable (or viable) deposit which can be legally and economically exploited. In addition, if 
production is commenced, mineral reserves are finite and there can be no assurance that the Corporation will be able to  locate 
additional reserves as its existing reserves are depleted.  
Although there are initial mineral resource estimates defined for targets at the Cordero Project  and the Porcupine Complex , it is 
uncertain if further exploration will result in additional targets at t hose properties , or others in the Corporation’s portfolio being 
delineated as a mineral resource. Any reference to potential quantities and/or grade is conceptual in nature, as there has be en 
insufficient exploration at these other projects to define any additional miner al resource and it is uncertain if furth er exploration will 
result in the determination of any mineral resource. The term “Reserve(s)” is only applicable to the Cordero Project  and the Porcupine 
Complex . Quantities and/or grade described in this AIF for targets other than at the Cordero Project  and the Porcupine Complex  
should not be interpreted as assurances of a potential resource or reserve, or of potential future mine life or of the profit ability of 
future operations. Information concerning mineral resource/reserve estimates and the economic analysis thereof contained in the 
results of the pre -feasibility study reflect a prediction of the mineralization that would be encountered, and the results of mining, if 
a mineral deposit were developed and mined.  - 24 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
In general, mining operations involve a high degree of risk. The Corporation’s operations are subject to all the hazards and risks 
normally encountered in the exploration, development and production of silver, precious metals and other minerals, including 
unusual and unexpected geologic formations, seismic activity, rock bursts, cave -ins, flooding, and other conditions involved in the 
drilling and removal of material, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, mines and other producing facil ities, 
damage to life or property, environmental damage, and possible legal liability. In addition, statements regarding the results  of the 
pre-feasibility study and the anticipated capital and operating costs, sustaining costs, net present value, internal  rate of return, payback 
period, process capacity, average annual metal production, average process recoveries, concession renewal, permitting of the 
project s, anticipated mining and processing methods, proposed pre -feasibility study production schedule an d metal production 
profile, anticipated construction period, anticipated mine life, expected recoveries and grades, anticipated production rates , 
infrastructure, social and environmental impact studies, availability of labour, tax rates and commodity price s that would support 
development of the projects  have inherent risk.   
Risk Related to the Cyclical Nature of the Mining Business  
 
The mining business and the marketability of the products that are produced are affected by worldwide economic cycles. At the  
present time, the demand for silver and other commodities in many countries is driving increased prices, but it is difficult to as sess 
how long such demand may continue. Fluctuations in supply and demand in various regions throughout the world are common.  
 
As the Corporation’s mining and exploration business is in the exploration stage and as the Corporation does not carry on production 
activities, its ability to fund ongoing exploration is affected by the availability of financing which is, in turn, affected by the strength 
of the economy and other general economic factors.  
 
Permitting and License Risks  
In the ordinary course of business, Discovery will be required to obtain and renew governmental licenses or permits for the o peration 
and expansion at each of its property interests; or for the development, construction, and commencement of mining at any o f the 
Corporation’s mineral resource properties. Obtaining or renewing the necessary governmental licenses or permits is a complex and 
time-consuming process involving numerous jurisdictions with public hearings and costly permitting and other legal undert akings.  
In Mexico  and Canada , as with many jurisdictions, there are various federal,  provincial,  state, and local laws governing land, power, 
and water use, the protection of the environment, development, occupational health and safety, waste disposal, and appropriat e 
handling of toxic substances. Such operations and exploration activities are also s ubject to substantial regulation under these laws 
by governmental agencies and require the Corporation to obtain permits from various governmental agencies. Further, th e timing of 
receipt of such permits may be impacted by governmental changes, including but not limited to, municipal, state , provincial  and 
federal elections which may cause further delays with respect to permitting timelines which are outside of the control of the  
Corporation.  
Exploration generally requires one form of permit while development and production operations require additional permits. Eac h 
stage of a property’s development can also require multiple permits. There can be no assurance that all permits which the Cor poration 
may require for future exploration or possible future development will be obtainable at all or on reasonable terms. In additi on, future 
changes in applicable laws or regulations could result in changes in legal requirements or in the terms of existing  permits applicable 
to the Corporation or its properties. This could have a negative effect on the Corporation’s exploration activities or the Co rporation’s 
ability to develop its properties.  
The duration and success of the Corporation’s efforts or those of its partners to obtain and renew licenses or permits are co ntingent 
upon many variables not within Discovery’s control, including the interpretation of applicable requirements implemented by  the 
particular licensing authority. The Corporation may not be able (and no assurances can be given with respect to its ability) to obtain 
or renew licenses or permits that are necessary to operations at Discovery’s property interests, including, without limitation, an 
exploitation or operations license, or the cost to obtain or renew licenses or permits may exceed what Discovery believes can  be 
recovered from its property interests if they are put into production. Any unexpected refusals of required licen ses or permits or delays 
or costs associated with the licensing or permitting process could prevent or delay the development or impede the operation o f a 
mine, which could adversely impact the Corporation’s operations and profitability.  - 25 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions, including  orders 
issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measur es requiring 
capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or other remedial actions.  
The Corporation cannot be certain that it will receive the necessary permits and licenses at all, or on acceptable terms requ ired to 
conduct further exploration and to develop its properties and bring them into production. The failure to obtain such permit s or 
licenses, or delays in obtaining such permits or licenses, could increase the Corporation’s costs and delay its activities, a nd could 
adversely affect the properties, business, or operations of the Corporation.  
In early 2024, the Mexican government implemented staffing reductions in various offices, potentially leading to delays in the  
evaluation and issuance of permits. These delays may be further influenced by the transition to President Claudia Sheinbaum's  
admi nistration, which has introduced changes to mining regulations. The new government is evaluating existing concessions based 
on public approval and environmental impact. The Corporation currently possesses all necessary drill permits to complete its planne d 
work in 202 5; however, future applications could be adversely affected by these regulatory changes and potential delay s. 
Land Title  
The acquisition of the right to explore and/or exploit mineral properties is a detailed and time-consuming process. Although the 
Corporation is satisfied it has taken reasonable measures to acquire unencumbered rights to explore its mineral property inte rests, 
no assurance can be given that such claims are not subject to prior unregistered agreem ents or interests or to undetected or other 
claims or interests which could be material or adverse to the Corporation.  
The Corporation’s mineral properties at the Cordero Project in Mexico are primarily 26 contiguous mining claims that cover th e 
entire mining district and total 34,908.7 hectares. The mineral rights at the Cordero Project have been secured by staking co ntiguous 
lode claims (concesiones mineras) and purchasing inlying claim parcels. The claims are 100% owned by Titán, a wholly -owned 
indirect subsidiary of Discovery. See “ CORPORATE STRUCTURE  - Intercorporate Relationships ” and “ THE CORDERO 
PROJECT ” in this AIF.  
The present status of the majority of the Corporation’s unpatented mining claims  at the Cordero Project  located on public lands 
provides the Corporation with the exclusive right to mine and remove valuable minerals, such as precious and base metals. The  
Corporation is also allowed to use the surface of the land solely for purposes related to exploration, mi ning, and processing the 
mineral -bearing ores.  
The Porcupine Complex consists of the Pamour and Hollinger open pit s and Hoyle Pond underground operations and the Dome 
Mine and Mill, located in the city of Timmins, Ontario, as well as the Borden underground operation, located near the town of  
Chapleau, Ontario. The Porcupine operation is comprised of 699 mining claims, 1,105 mining patents and 157 mining leases, issued 
under the Ontario Mining Act , encompassing an area of 98,138 acres (39,715 hectares). The Borden operation is comprised of 488 
mining cel l claims, 530 surface and mining patents and 35 surface and mining leases encompassing an area of 245,232 acres (99,241 
hectares). At the time of the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, it is anticipated that the mining claims, mining patents, and mi ning 
leases  making up the Porcupine Complex will be 100% owned by Dome Mine Ltd., which will be a wholly -owned subsidiary of 
Discovery. See “ CORPORATE STRUCTURE  - Intercorporate Relationships ” and “ The Porcupine Complex”  in this AIF.  
In Canada, c ertain disputes may arise with mining claims such as disputes over title and over the precise area and location of such 
claims. There is no guarantee that title will not be challenged or impaired. Although  anticipated  title to the Porcupine Complex  has 
been reviewed by the Corporation , no assurances can be given that there are no title defects affecting the proper ty. Title insurance 
generally is not available for mining claims in Canada and the Corporation’s  ability to ensure that it has obtained secure cla im to the 
property  may be severely constrained. There may be challenges to the title of the Porcupine Complex , which, if successful, could 
result in the loss or reduction of the Corporation’s  interest in the property . The Corporation  has not conducted surveys of all the 
claims in which it will hold direct or indirect interests  in the Porcupine Complex , therefore, the precise area and location of such 
claims may be in doubt. Accordingly, the Porcupine Complex  may be subject to prior unregistered liens, agree ments, transfers or 
claims including Indigenous land claims, and title may be affected by, among other things, undetected defects. In addition, the 
Corporation  may be unable to conduct work on the property  as permitted or to enforce its rights with respect to the property . The - 26 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
failure to comply with all applicable laws and  regulations, including a failure to pay taxes or to carry out and file assessment work, 
can lead to the unilateral  termination of concessions by mining authorities or other governmental entities.  
The Corporation may need to enter into negotiations with landowners and other groups in the local and Indigenous communities in 
Chihuahua , Coahuila and Ontario in order to conduct future exploration and development work on the Cordero Project  and the 
Porcupine Complex . There is no assurance that future discussions and negotiations will result in agreements with landowners and 
other local community groups in Mexico or Ontario or if such agreements will be on terms acceptable to the Corporation so that the 
Corporation can continue to conduct exploration and development work on these properties.  
Uncertainties also arise as related to such things as sufficiency of mineral discovery, proper posting and marking of boundar ies and 
possible conflicts with other claims not determinable from descriptions of record. Since a substantial portion of all miner al 
exploration, development and mining in the United States now occurs on unpatented mining claims, this uncertainty is inherent  in 
the mining industry . 
Water  Sources  
The Corporation has recently released the Cordero Technical Report for the Cordero project. For development with the objectiv e of 
commencing full -scale production, the mine and processing infrastructure will require a significant supply of water. The Corporation  
is currently exploring groundwater around the project site in addition to alternative or complementary sources of supply from  the 
nearby city wastewater treatment plant (WWTP), which is approximately 32 km from the project. This may require entering  into 
lease or consumption agreements with the city as well as the design and engineering of the WWTP for improvements and use on t he 
project. Future operations may require mapping routes for ducts to supply water to the project, land tenure ownership boun daries, 
topography and accessibility. These activities may be very costly to the Corporation.  
 
GDC, the current owner of the Porcupine Complex, does not exclusively hold water rights for the Porcupine Complex. Water taki ng 
from groundwater and freshwater sources is regulated by the Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks (Ministry  of 
the Environment) and requires a Permit to Take Water for any water taking over 50,000 litres per day. The Porcupine Complex h as 
active Permits to Take Water where required for mining and associated activities. Permits to Take water are required to be re newed 
on a frequency specified in the permits in order to support mining activities. The Hoyle Pond Mine uses fresh water from a su rface 
water source drawn by the neighbouring Glencore Kidd Metallurgical facility. Glencore has announced the closure of that f acility in 
2026, and as such, alternative freshwater sources are actively being considered.  
 
Infrastructure  
Mining, processing, development, and exploration activities depend on the availability of adequate infrastructure. Reliable r oads, 
bridges, power sources, fuel and water supply are important determinants, which affect capital and operating costs. Unusual o r 
infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructu re 
could adversely affect the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, and results of operations.  
Community Relations and Social Risks  
The Corporation’s relationships with the communities in which it operates, and other stakeholders are critical to ensure the future 
success of its existing operations and the construction and development of its projects. There is an increasing level of pub lic concern 
relating to the perceived effect of mining activities on the environment and on communities impacted by such activities. Publ icity 
adverse to the Corporation, its operations or extractive industries generally, could have an adverse effect on th e Corporation and may 
impact relationships with the communities in which the Corporation operates and other stakeholders. While the Corporation is 
committed to operating in a socially responsible manner, there can be no assurance that its efforts in this r espect will mitigate this 
potential risk. Further, damage to the Corporation’s reputation can be the result of the perceived or actual occurrence of an y number 
of events, and could include any negative publicity, whether true or not. The increased usage of  social media and other web -based 
tools used to generate, publish and discuss user -generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for 
individuals and groups to communicate and share opinions and views in regard to the Cor poration and its activities, whether true or 
not. While the Corporation strives to uphold and maintain a positive image and reputation, it does not ultimately have contro l over - 27 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
how it is perceived by others. Reputation loss may lead to increased challenges in developing, maintaining community relation s and 
advancing its projects and decreased investor confidence, all of which may have a material adverse impact on the financial 
performance and growth of the Corporation. In addition, due to the location of the Corporation’s operations, an increase in act ivity 
as well as publicity through social media could result in the Corporation being exposed to criminal activity.  
The Cordero Project and the Porcupine Complex  may in the future be the subject of Indigenous  land claims , treaty rights claims, or 
claims by other local communities . The basis of such claims is a matter of considerable legal complexity and the impact of the 
assertion of such a claim, or the possible effect of a settlement of such claim upon the Corporation  cannot be predicted with any 
degree of certainty at this time. In addition, no assurance can be given that any recognition of any such  claims whether by way of a 
negotiated settlement or by judicial pronouncement (or through the grant of an injunction prohibiting mineral exploration or mining 
activity pending resolution of any such claim) would not delay or even prevent the Corporation’s  exploration, development or mining 
activities.  
Environmental Risks and Hazards  
The Corporation currently has no known financial obligations relating to environmental protection. However, all phases of the  
Corporation’s operations are subject to environmental regulation (including EIAs and permitting) in the jurisdictions in whic h it 
operates. These regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamat ion. 
They also set forth limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Environ mental 
legislation and international standards are evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, incre ased 
fines and penalties for non -compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and a heightened d egree of 
responsibility for companies and their officers, directors, and employees. There is no assurance that future changes in envir onmental 
regulation and standards, if any, will not adversely affect the Corporation’s business, condition, or operations.  Environmental hazards 
may exist on the properties on which the Corporation holds interests which are unknown to the Corporation at present and whic h 
have been caused by previous or existing owners or operators of the properties.  
The Corporation cannot give any assurances  that breaches of environmental laws (whether inadvertent or not) or environmental 
pollution will not materially and adversely affect its financial condition. There is no assurance that any future changes to 
environmental regulation, if any, will not adver sely affect Discovery.  
The Corporation’s Securities are Subject to Market Price Volatility  
The market price of the Common Shares may be adversely affected by a variety of factors relating to Discovery’s business, inc luding 
fluctuations in the Corporation’s operating and financial results, the results of any public announcements made by Discovery and 
the failure to meet analysts’ expectations.  
The market prices of securities of Discovery have experienced wide fluctuations which may not necessarily be related to the f inancial 
condition, operating performance, underlying asset values, or prospects of Discovery. Securities of small -cap companies ha ve 
experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based on factors unrelated to the financial performance or prospects of  the 
companies involved. These factors include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally, the price of silver and  
other commodities, and market perceptions of the attractiveness of particular industries. This volatility may adversely affec t the 
market price of the Common Shares.  
The price of the Corporation’s public securities is also likely to be significantly affected by short -term changes in silver or other 
mineral prices. Other factors unrelated to the Corporation’s performance that may have an effect on the price of the Commo n Shares 
include the following: (i) the extent of analytical coverage available to investors concerning the Corporation’s business may  be 
limited if investment banks with research capabilities do not follow and publish coverage of the Common Shares; (ii) l essening in 
trading volume and general market interest in the Corporation’s securities may affect an investor’s ability to trade signific ant numbers 
of Common Shares; (iii) the size of the Corporation’s public float, and changes thereto, may limit the abil ity of some institutions to 
invest in the Common Shares; and (iv) a substantial decline in the price the Common Shares that persists for a significant pe riod of 
time could cause the Common Shares to be delisted from the TSX or from any other exchange upon which the Common Shares may 
trade from time to time, further reducing market liquidity.  - 28 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
As a result of any of these factors, the market prices of the Common Shares at any given point in time may not accurately ref lect the 
Corporation’s long -term value. Securities class action litigation often has been brought against companies following perio ds of 
volatility in the market price of their securities. The Corporation may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Se curities 
litigation could result in substantial costs and damages and divert management’s attention and resources.  
Current Economic Conditions  
There are significant uncertainties regarding the prices of silver and other precious and base metals and minerals and the av ailability 
of financing for the purposes of mineral exploration and development. A reduction in the price of silver , gold  or other metals may 
prevent the Corporation’s properties from being economically mined or result in the write -off of assets whose value is impaired as 
a result of lower metal prices. The price of metals may also have a significant influence on the market price of t he Common Shares. 
The prices of silver , gold  and other metals are affected by numerous factors beyond the Corporation’s control, such as the level of 
inflation, fluctuation of the United States dollar and foreign currencies, global and regional demand, and the political and economic 
conditions of ma jor silver and gold producing countries throughout the world. The future gold and silver prices are expected to 
continue to be impacted by the uncertainty surrounding expectations of the US Federal Reserve Bank’s  tapering of quantitative 
easing which has injected unprecedented levels of liquidity into capital markets over the last year and a half. Additionally,  the 
geopolitical fears fueled by the Russia -Ukraine and Palestine -Israel conflicts could have unpredicta ble effects on the market for 
silver , gold  and base metals. As a result of interrelated global economic factors, the Corporation may have difficulty raising debt or 
equity financing for the purposes of mineral exploration and development, and, if obtained,  on terms favourable to the Corporation 
and/or without excessively diluting present shareholders of the Corporation.  Throughout 2024 and into early 2025, inflation remained 
elevated in Canada  and the United States . Factors such as supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, increased consumer demand  and 
rising energy prices  have contributed to higher prices. Central banks in both countries have adjusted monetary policy to address 
inflationary pressures, including potential interest rate hikes. In Mexico, inf lation has also been elevated during this period, driven 
by similar factors such as supply chain disruptions, rising energy prices, and currency depreciation. The Bank of Mexico has 
implemented monetary policy measures to manage inflation and stabilize pri ces. As inflation rates increase, the prices of 
commodities and precious metals may also rise as investors seek to protect their wealth.   In addition, any future pandemic or 
international conflict s could have an adverse impact on global economic conditions , which may adversely impact the market price 
of the Common Shares, the Corporation’s operations, its ability to raise debt or equity financing for the purposes of mineral  
exploration and development, and the operations of the Corporation’s suppliers, cont ractors, and service providers.  
Government Regulation  
In addition to risks outlined in “ Permitting and License Risks ” above, the mineral exploration activities (as well as the potential for 
eventual mining, processing, and development activities) of the Corporation are subject to extensive laws and regulations  in Mexico 
and Canada  governing prospecting, exploration, development, production, taxes, labour standards and occupational health, mine 
safety, toxic substances, land use, waste disposal, water use, land claims of local people, protection of historic and  archaeological 
sites, mine development, protection of endangered and protected species, and other matters.  In addition, recent developments in 
international trade policies, particularly the implementation of new tariffs by the United States on imports from Canada and Mexico, 
are subject to economic and regulatory implications that could potentially impact the C orporation’s operations and costs.  See also 
“Risk Factors – Changes to tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on global eco nomic conditions and the 
Corporation’s business, financial results and financial condition ” in this AIF . 
Government approvals, approval of local  peoples, and permits are currently, and may in the future be required in connection with 
the Corporation’s operations. To the extent such approvals are required and not obtained; the Corporation may be curtailed or 
prohibited from continuing its exploration or mining operations or from proceeding with planned exploration or development of  
mineral properties.  
It is ultimately individuals who make interpretations and application of legislation and policy intended to benefit industry while 
providing protections to flora, fauna, and culturally significant areas. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Corporation an d its business 
is impacted negatively by government regulation in ways that were not previously anticipated.  - 29 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions thereunder , 
including orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include co rrective 
measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions. Parties engaged in mining  
operations or in the exploration or development of mineral properties may be required to compensate those suffering loss or d amage 
by reason of the mining activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable law s or 
regulations.  
Regulators in Mexico have broad authority to shut down and/or levy fines against facilities that do not comply with regulatio ns or 
standards.   
The Corporation’s mineral exploration activities in Mexico may be adversely affected in varying degrees by changing governmen t 
regulations relating to the mining industry, including permitting, water rights, usage rights, or other material consideratio ns w hich 
affect the Cordero Project, including shifts in political conditions that increase royalties payable or the costs related to the 
Corporation’s activities or maintaining its properties. Current and future operations may also be affected in varying degr ees by 
government regulations with respect to restrictions on production, price controls, government -imposed royalties, claim fees, export 
controls, income taxes, and expropriation of property, environmental legislation, and mine safety. There is furthermo re the potential 
impact from a lack of application of regulations, leading to delays in permitting. The effect of these factors cannot be accu rately 
predicted. Although the Corporation’s exploration and development activities are currently carried out in m aterial compliance with 
all applicable rules and regulations, no assurance can be given that new rules and regulations will not be enacted or that ex isting 
rules and regulations will not be applied in a manner which could limit or curtail production or dev elopment.  
Furthermore, any shift in political attitudes, or amendments to current laws and regulations governing operations and activit ies of 
mining and milling or more stringent implementation thereof are beyond the control of the Corporation and could have a subst antial 
adverse impact on the Corporation.  
Foreign Operations Risk  
The Cordero Project is located in Mexico  and consequently may be affected in varying degrees by political stability and government 
regulations relating to foreign investment, taxation, social unrest, corporate activity, pandemics, and other extractive rela ted 
activities.  
Discovery may also acquire or invest in additional properties located in less stable jurisdictions in the future and, as such , its 
operations are and may increasingly be exposed to various levels of political, economic and other risks and uncertainties. Th ese risks 
and uncertainties vary from country to country and include, but are not limited to: terrorism; hostage taking; repression; fl uctuations 
in currency exchange rates; government imposed currency controls; high rates of inflation; labour unrest; the risks of war or civil 
unrest, whether within the geographic borders or in neighbouring countries; expropriation and nationalization; renegotiation or 
nullification of existing concessions, licenses, permits and contracts; illegal mining; changes in taxatio n policies; and changing 
political conditions, norms and governmental regulations, including those having to do with environmental requirements.  
The relevant governments have granted permits, licenses, or concessions that enable Discovery to conduct operations or explor ation 
and development activities. Notwithstanding these arrangements, our ability to conduct operations or exploration and developm ent 
activities is subject to obtaining and/or renewing permits or concessions from all levels of government, and often from diffe rent 
ministries of government, changes in laws or government regulations, or shifts in political attitudes beyond our control.  
Political instability may cause changes to existing governmental regulations affecting mineral exploration and mining activit ies 
and/or may have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s properties, business, and results of operations. Such changes,  if any, 
in jurisdictions in which Discovery holds properties or assets may adversely affect its operations or potential profitability . Operations 
may be affected in varying degrees by government regulations with respect to, but not limited to, restrictions on operations, income 
taxes, expropriation of property, maintenance of claims, environmental legislation, land use, land claims of local people, wa ter use 
and mine safety. Failure to comply strictly with applicable laws, regulations and local practices rel ating to mineral right applications 
and tenure could result in loss, reduction or expropriation of entitlements, or the imposition of additional local or foreign  parties as 
joint venture partners with carried or other interests.  - 30 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
In addition, in the event of a dispute arising from foreign operations, Discovery may be subject to the exclusive jurisdictio n of foreign 
courts or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts in Canada. Discovery may a lso be hindered 
or prevented from enforcing its rights with respect to a governmental instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign im munity. 
It is not possible for Discovery to accurately predict such developments or changes in laws or policy or th e extent to which any such 
developments or changes may have a material adverse effect on Discovery’s properties, business, operations, or financial cond ition. 
The Corporation does not currently carry political risk insurance covering its investments. From time to time, management assesses 
the costs and benefits of obtaining and maintaining such insurance. There can be no assurance that, if obtained, political ri sk insurance 
would be available to Discovery, or that particular losses suffered with respect to the Corporation’s foreign investments will be 
covered by any insurance that Discovery may obtain in the future. Any such losses could have an adverse impact on the Corpora tion’s 
future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition.  
Risks arising from Operations in Mexico  
The Corporation’s Mexican property interests and operations are subject to the political risks and uncertainties associated w ith 
investment in any emerging market. The Corporation’s property interests located in Mexico are subject to Mexican federal and state 
laws and regulations. As a result, the Corporation’s mining investments are subject to the risks normally associated with the  conduct 
of business in emerging markets. Investors should assess the political risks of investing in an emerging market. Any v ariation from 
the current regulatory, economic, and political climate could have an adverse effect on the affairs of the Corporation.  
In addition, the enforcement by the Corporation of its legal rights to exploit its properties may not be recognized by the go vernment 
of Mexico or by its court system. Furthermore, the COVID -19 pandemic restricted mobility to certain markets, including in Mexico 
and therefore any future pandemics could result in the same or additional restrictions. These risks may limit or disrupt the 
Corporation’s operations, restrict the movement of funds and people or result in the deprivation of contractual rights or th e taking of 
property by nationalization or expropriation without fair compensation.  
The Corporation cannot assure investors that changes in the Mexican federal policies, by the current government or any future  
governments, will not adversely affect the Corporation’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particu lar, tax 
legislation in Mexico is subject to continuous change, and there are no assurances that the Mexican government will maintain existing 
political, social, economic or other policies or that such changes would not have a material adverse effect on our bus iness, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. A new president  in Mexico  was elected in 2024  and the Corporation cannot assure 
investors that the resulting change in government and new president will not have a material adverse effect on our business o r the 
mining industry in the country.  
Investors and credit rating agencies may be cautious about the president’s political party administration’s policies, which c ould 
contribute to a decrease in the Mexican economy’s resilience in the event of a global economic downturn. Similar measures cou ld 
be taken in the future, which could have a negative effect on Mexico’s economy.  
In addition, Mexico is currently experiencing high levels of violence and crime due to the activities of organized crime, particularly 
in the northern states that border the United States. In response, the Mexican government has implemented various measures to  
increase security and has st rengthened its police and military forces. Despite these efforts, organized crime (especially drug -related 
crime) continues to exist and operate in Mexico. The lack of security and safety in Mexico is likely to worsen if and as the economy 
continues to det eriorate. These activities, their possible escalation and the violence associated with them have had, and may continue 
to have, a negative impact on the Mexican economy and, consequently, on our results of operations. The presence of violence a mong 
drug ca rtels, and between the cartels and Mexican law enforcement and armed forces, or an increase in other types of violent crime, 
pose a risk to our business, and might negatively impact business continuity.  
Health and Safety  
The Corporation faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly 
disrupt its operations and may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions.  
The Corporation’s business could be adversely impacted by the effects of a virus outbreak or other epidemics. The extent to w hich 
epidemics impact the Corporation’s business, including its operations and the market for its securities, will depend on futur e - 31 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, and include the duration, severity and scope o f 
outbreaks and the actions taken by each country’s respective government to contain or treat outbreaks. In particular, the spr ead of a 
virus globally could materially and adversely impact the Corporation’s operating activities including but not limited to: emp loyee 
health, workforce productivity, increased insurance premiums, limitations on travel, the availability of industry expert s and 
personnel, restrictions to its drill program and/or the timing to process drill and other metallurgical testing, and other fa ctors that will 
depend on future developments beyond the Corporation’s control, which may have a material and adverse effect on the its business, 
financial condition, and results of operations.  
There can be no assurance that the Corporation’s personnel will not be impacted by these pandemic diseases and ultimately see  its 
workforce productivity reduced or incur increased medical costs / insurance premiums as a result of these health risks.  
In addition, a significant outbreak of coronavirus could result in a widespread global health crisis that could adversely aff ect global 
economies and financial markets resulting in an economic downturn that could have an adverse effect on the demand for pr ecious 
metals and the Corporation’s future prospects.  
Climate Change  
The Corporation operates in jurisdictions where regulatory requirements have taken effect to monitor, report and/or reduce 
greenhouse gas (“ GHG ”) emissions. Increasing regulation and regulatory uncertainty regarding GHG emissions and climate change 
issues may adversely affect the Corporation’s operations. While the costs to comply with future regulatory requirements are d ifficult 
to predict, such  costs are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s operations. However, future regula tory 
amendments may have unexpected effects on the Corporation and may result in material adverse effects on the Corporation’s 
financial performance and operations. Mexico is a party to the Paris Agreement (ratified in 2016) and has enacted climate cha nge 
legislation with a GHG emissions reduction target of 25% (unconditional) to 40% (conditional) from 2013 levels by 2030. By do ing 
so, they have also committed to work towards limiting the global average temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius.  
The potential physical impacts of climate change on the Corporation’s operations are highly uncertain and may be particular t o the 
unique geographic circumstances associated with each of its operations. These may include extreme weather events, changes in 
rainfall patterns, water shortages, energy disruptions and changing temperatures. There may also be supply chain implications  in 
getting supplies to the Corporation’s operations, including transportation issues. In addition, global efforts to transition to a lower -
carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes to address mitigation and adaptation 
requirements related to climate change. Depending on the nature, speed, focus and jurisdiction of these changes, transition r isks may 
pose varying levels of financial and reputational risk to the Corporation.  
Commodity Price Risks  
The price of the Common Shares, the Corporation’s financial results and exploration, and development and mining activities ma y in 
the future be significantly and adversely affected by declines in the price of silver , gold  or other minerals. The price of silver , gold  
or other minerals fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors beyond the Corporation’s control, including but not l imited 
to the sale or purchase of commodities by various central banks and financial institutions, interest rates, excha nge rates, inflation or 
deflation, fluctuation in the value of the United States dollar,  the Canadian dollar,  the Mexican peso, and other foreign currencies, 
global and regional supply and demand, the political and economic conditions of major mineral -producing countries throughout the 
world, and the cost of substitutes, inventory levels and carrying charges. Fut ure price declines in the market value of silver , gold  or 
other minerals could cause continued development of and commercial production from the Co rporation’s properties to be 
impracticable. Depending on the price of silver and other minerals, cash flow from mining operations may not be sufficient an d the 
Corporation could be forced to discontinue production and may lose its interest in, or may be fo rced to sell, some of its properties. 
Economic viability of future production from the Corporation’s mining properties, if any, is dependent upon the prices of sil ver, 
gold and other minerals being adequate to make the properties economic.  
In addition to adversely affecting any resource estimates of the Corporation and its financial condition, declining commodity  prices 
can impact operations by requiring a reassessment of the feasibility of a particular project. Such a reassessment may be th e result of 
a management decision or may be required under financing arrangements related to a particular project. Even if the project is  - 32 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
ultimately determined to be economically viable, the need to conduct such a reassessment may cause delays or may interrupt 
operations until the reassessment can be completed.  
Cybersecurity Risks  
As the Corporation continues to increase its dependence on information technologies to conduct its operations, the risks asso ciated 
with cyber security also increase. The Corporation relies on management information systems and computer control systems. 
Business and supply chain disruptions, plant and utility outages, and information technology system and network disruptions due  to 
cyber -attacks could seriously harm its operations and materially adversely affect its operation results, Cybersecurity risks in clude 
attacks on information technology and infrastructure by hackers, damage, or loss of information due to viruses, the unintende d 
disclosure of confidential information, the issue or loss of control over computer control systems, and breaches due to emp loyee 
error. The Corporation’s exposure to cyber security risks includes exposure through third parties on whose systems it places 
significant reliance for the conduct of its business. The Corporation has implemented security procedures and measures in ord er to 
protect its systems and information from being vulnerable to cyber -attacks. The Corporation believes these measures and procedures 
are appropriate. To date, it has not experienced any material impact from cyber security events. However, it may not ha ve the 
resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent, or recover from rapidly evolving types of cyber -attacks. Compromises to 
its information and control systems could have severe financial and other business implications.  
Reputational Risk  
Reputational risk is the potential that adverse publicity, whether true or not, will or may cause a decline in financial resu lts, liquidity, 
share price, social license to operate, or shareholder base due to its impact on the Corporation’s image. Reputatio nal risk is inherent 
in virtually all of the Corporation’s business transactions, even when the transaction or activity is fully compliant with le gal and 
regulatory requirements. Reputational risk cannot be managed in isolation, as it often arises as a res ult of operational, regulatory and 
other risks inherent to the business. For these reasons, Discovery’s framework for reputational risk management is integrated  into 
all other areas of risk management and is a key component of the codes of business conduct  and ethics of which the Corporation’s 
personnel are expected to observe. Discovery places a high emphasis on safeguarding the Corporation’s reputation, as once 
compromised, it can be difficult to restore.  
Additional Capital and Potential Dilution to Common Shares  
Discovery’s articles of incorporation allow the Corporation to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares for such considerat ion 
and on such terms and conditions as shall be established by the Board, in many cases, without the approval of the shareholder s. 
As at the date of this AIF, there are 402,348,373  Common Shares issued and outstanding. The increase in the number of Common 
Shares issued and outstanding through further issuances (including those arising from the exercise of dilutive securities) may have 
a depressive effect on the price of the Common Shares and will dilute the voting power of the Corporation’s existing sharehol ders.  
While as at the date of this AIF the Corporation has sufficient treasury to fund the current exploration program and budget, the 
further exploration and development of the Corporation’s properties will require substantial additional financing. Failure to  obtain 
sufficient financing may result in the delay or indefinite postponement of exploration, development, or production on any or all of 
the Corporation’s properties or even a loss of property interest. In particular, if the Corporation acquires additiona l mineral properties 
which necessitate exploration expenditures, the Corporation may not have sufficient funds to finance such operations. The pri mary 
source of funding available to the Corporation consists of equity financing. There can be no assurance th at additional capital or other 
types of financing will be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such financing will be favourable to the C orporation. 
In addition, any future financing may be dilutive to existing shareholders of the Corpor ation.  
In addition, the Corporation has issued potentially dilutive securities in the form of incentive stock options to purchase Co mmon 
Shares (the “ Options ”) pursuant to Discovery’s Stock Option Plan ( 2024) for which 15,801,875  are issued and outstanding as at the 
date of this AIF. The Corporation has other long -term incentive plans, most recently approved by shareholders on May 14, 202 4, for 
which 3,763,486  RSUs (defined below) and 2,375,997 DSUs (defined below) are issued and outstanding as at the date of this  AIF. 
See “ Prior Sales – Non-Trading Securities – Options ” in this AIF for information on numbers of Options exercisable, and see “ Prior - 33 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Sales – Non-Trading Securities – Restricted Share Units and Deferred Share Units ” in this AIF for information on the issued RSUs 
and DSUs.  
The Corporation may issue additional Common Shares in future offerings (including through the sale of securities convertible into 
or exchangeable for Common Shares), and on the exercise or conversion of RSUs, DSUs, Warrants, and Options. The Corporation 
may also issue Common Shares or dilutive securities to finance future acquisitions and other projects. Discovery cannot predict  the 
size of future issuances of Common Shares or dilutive securities, or the effect that future issuances and sales of Common Sha res or 
dilutive securities will have on the market price of the Common Shares.  
Issuances of a substantial number of additional Common Shares or dilutive securities, or the perception that such issuances c ould 
occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the Common Shares. With any additional issuance of Common Shares, 
investors will suffer dilution to their voting power and Discovery may experience dilution in the Corporation’s earnings per Com mon 
Share.  
Subsidiaries  
The Corporation owns 100% interest in the Cordero Project through 100% ownership of the Corporation’s indirect subsidiary, 
Minera Titán S.A. de C.V. (“ Titán ”). See “ Corporate Structure – Intercorporate Relationships ” and “ Cordero Project ” in this AIF.  
Following the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, the Corporation will own a 100% interest in the Porcupine Complex through 100% 
ownership of Dome Mine Ltd.  See “ Corporate Structure – Intercorporate Relationships ” and “ Porcupine Complex ” in this AIF.  
The Corporation is subject to the typical risks associated with contractual agreements. In addition, any limitation on the transf er of 
cash or other assets between the Corporation and its subsidiaries, or among such entities, could restrict the Corporation’s ability to 
fund its operations efficiently. Any such limitations, or the perception that such limitations may exist now or in the future , could 
have an adverse impact on the Corporation’s value and stock price.  
Risks Associated with a Lack of Funding to Satisfy Contractual Obligations  
The Corporation may, in the future, be unable to meet its share of costs incurred under agreements to which it is a party. Th e 
Corporation may have its property interests subject to such agreements reduced as a result or even face termination of such 
agree ments. The Corporation is required to incur expenditures on the Cordero Project totaling approximately USD$3.5 million per 
year.  
Credit and Liquidity Risk  
Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents held with banks and financial institutions, as well as amounts receivable. The 
maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. Liquidity risk arises through the exc ess of 
financial obligations due over available financial assets at any point in time. The Corporation’s objective in managing liqui dity risk 
will be to maintain sufficient readily available cash reserves and credit in order to meet its liquidity requirement s at any point in 
time. The total cost and planned timing of acquisitions and/or other development or construction projects is not currently 
determinable, and it is not currently known precisely when the Corporation will require external financing in futur e periods.  
Discovery has no debt, and at the date of this AIF, has approximately C$ 25.0 million in cash and short -term deposits, primarily held 
with large Canadian commercial banks. The existing financial resources of the Corporation are not sufficient to bring any of its 
projects into commercial production. The Corporation will need to obtain additi onal financing from external sources in order to fund 
the development of its properties and/or to engage in other strategic business opportunities. There is no assurance that the Corporation 
will be able to obtain such financing on favourable terms, or at all. 
This risk of financial resources is further amplified by wars  and other political turmoil which has had significant impact on global 
economies and financial markets. Should depressed market conditions continue in the medium to long -term, it may be more difficult 
for the Corporation to obtain required financing to co mplete its long -term objectives. Failure to obtain financing could result in delay 
or indefinite postponement of further exploration and development of the Corporation’s properties.  - 34 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
 
History of Net Losses and Negative Operating Cash Flow  
The Corporation generates no operating revenue from the exploration activities on its property interests and has negative cas h flow 
from operating activities. Therefore, it is subject to many risks common to comparable companies, including under -capitaliza tion, 
cash shortages and limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources, as well as a lack of revenues. The Corporation 
anticipates that it will continue to have negative cash flow until such time that commercial production is achiev ed at a particular 
project. The Corporation has no sources of revenue and has significant cash requirements to meet its exploration commitments,  
administrative overhead, and maintain its mineral interests. The Corporation expects to continue to incur losse s unless or until one 
or more of its properties enters into commercial production and generates sufficient revenue to fund continuing operations. T he 
Corporation will need to raise sufficient funds in order to finance ongoing exploration, advance its proje cts, if warranted, to the 
feasibility stage, provide for capital costs of building mining facilities, and to provide for ongoing general and administra tive 
expenses. There can be no assurance that the current work program will result in the discovery of co mmercial deposits or, ultimately, 
in profitable mining operations.  
Reliance on a Limited Number of Properties  
Until  the Porcupine Acquisition Closing,  the Corporation  only has a material interest in the Cordero Project . As a result, unless (i) 
the Corporation acquires additional property interests, or (ii) another project, any adverse developments affecting any one o f these 
properties could have a material adverse effect upon the Corporation and would materially and adv ersely affect the potential mineral 
resource production, profitability, financial performance and results of operations of the Corporation. While th e Corporation may 
seek to acquire additional mineral properties that are consistent with its business objectives, or may at a future date desig nate any or 
all of its other interests in mineral properties as a material property, there can be no assurance th at the Corporation will be able to 
identify suitable additional mineral properties or, if it does identify suitable properties, that it will have sufficient fin ancial resources 
to acquire such properties or that such properties will be available on terms a cceptable to the Corporation or at all.  
Insurance and Uninsured Risks  
The Corporation’s business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally, including adverse environmental conditions,  
industrial accidents, labour disputes, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, ground or slope failures, cave -ins, changes in  the 
regulatory environment, natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, floods and earthquakes. Such occurrences coul d 
result in damage to mineral properties or production facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage to the Corpo ration’s 
properties or the properties of others, delays in the ability to undertake exploration, monetary losses, and possible legal l iability.  
Although the Corporation maintains insurance to protect against certain risks in such amounts as it considers reasonable, its  insurance 
will not cover all the potential risks associated with a mining company’s operations. The Corporation does not carry pol itical risk 
insurance. The Corporation may also be unable to maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. 
Insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be adequate to cover any resulting liability. Moreover, i nsurance 
against risks such as environmental pollution or other hazards as a result of exploration and production is not generally ava ilable to 
the Corporation or to other companies in the mining industry on acceptable terms. The Corporation might also bec ome subject to 
liability for pollution or other hazards which it may not be insured against or which the Corporation may elect not to insure  against 
because of premium costs or other reasons. Losses from these events may cause the Corporation to incur sign ificant costs that could 
have a material adverse effect upon its financial performance and results of operations.  
Costs of Land Reclamation  
 
It is difficult to determine the exact amounts which will be required to complete all land reclamation activities in connecti on with 
the Corporation’s properties. Reclamation bonds and other forms of financial assurance represent only a portion of the tota l amount 
of money that will be spent on reclamation activities over the life of a mine. Accordingly, it may be necessary to revise pla nned 
expenditures and operating plans in order to fund reclamation activities. Such costs may have a material adverse impa ct upon the 
business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Corporation.  - 35 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Pandemic and Global Health Risks  
The extent to which a pandemic -causing virus could impact the Corporation’s business, including its operations and the market for 
its securities, will depend on the severity and spread of the virus. Any future developments associated with a pandemic are h ighly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration, severity, and scope of the outbreak and the actions taken to conta in or 
treat the outbreak. In particular, any significant spread of a virus globally could materially and adversely impact the Corporation’s 
business including without limitation, employee health, workforce productivity, potential obligations regarding flow -through shares, 
increased insurance premiums, limitations on travel, the availability of industry experts and personnel, rest rictions to its drill program 
and/or the timing to process drill and other metallurgical testing, and other factors that will depend on future developments  beyond 
the Corporation’s control, which may have a material and adverse effect on the Corporation’s business, financial condition, and 
results of operations.  
There can be no assurance that the Corporation’s personnel will not be impacted by any such virus or outbreak. The Corporatio n 
may ultimately see its workforce productivity reduced and may incur increased medical costs and insurance premiums as a resul t of 
these health risks.  
The Corporation will continually assess any ongoing impact that a pandemic has on its operations, including its exploration a ctivities. 
Overall, the key risks related to exploration activities currently relate to (a) availability of drilling and assay serv ices; (b) the 
procurement of goods and potential supply chain issues; and (c) impact to both site -based personnel and head office personnel.  
In addition, any actual and threatened spread of a virus globally could negatively impact global economies and financial mark ets, 
resulting in an economic downturn, affecting the trading price of the Corporation’s Common Shares, and also adversely impact the 
Corporation’s ability to raise capital. Any of these developments, and others, could have a material adverse effect on demand  for 
precious and base metals and the Corporation’s business.  
Competitive Conditions  
The mineral exploration and mining business is competitive in all phases of exploration, development, and production. The 
Corporation competes with a number of other entities in the search for and the acquisition of potentially productive mineral 
propertie s. In particular, there is a high degree of competition faced by the Corporation for desirable mining property interests, 
suitable prospects for drilling operations and necessary mining equipment, and many of these companies have greater financial  
resource s, operational experience and/or more advanced properties than the Corporation. As a result of this competition, the majority  
of which is with companies with greater financial resources than the Corporation, the Corporation may be unable to acquire at tractive 
properties in the future on terms it considers acceptable. The Corporation also competes with other resource companies, many of 
whom have greater financial resources and/or more advanced properties, in attracting equity and other capital necessary for the 
Corporation to advance the exploration and development of its mineral properties.  
The ability of the Corporation to acquire additional properties depends on, among other things, its available working capital , its 
ability to explore and develop its existing properties, its ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees, and on it s ability to 
select, acquire and bring to production suitable properties or prospects for mineral exploration and development. Factors bey ond the 
control of the Corporation may affect the marketability of minerals mined or discovered by the Corporation. Mi neral prices have 
historically been subject to fluctuations and are affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Corporation.  
Specialized Skill and Knowledge  
 
Various aspects of the Corporation’s business require specialized skills and knowledge. Such skills and knowledge include the  areas 
of permitting, geology, drilling, metallurgy, logistical planning, and implementation of exploration programs, as well as fi nance and 
accounting. The Corporation has found that it can locate and retain such employees and consultants and believes it will conti nue to 
be able to do so; however, no assurances can be made in that regard.  
 - 36 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Acquisitions and Integration  
From time to time, it can be expected that the Corporation will examine opportunities to acquire additional exploration and/o r mining 
assets and businesses. Any acquisition that the Corporation may choose to complete may be of a significant size, may chang e the 
scale of the Corporation’s business and operations, and may expose the Corporation to new geographic, political, operating, f inancial, 
and geological risks. The Corporation’s success in its acquisition activities depends upon its ability to identify suitable acquisition 
candidates, negotiate acceptable terms for any such acquisition, and integrate the acquired operations successfully with thos e of the 
Corporation. Any acquisitions would be accompanied by risks. If the Corporation chooses to raise debt  capital to finance any such 
acquisitions, the Corporation’s leverage will be increased. If the Corporation chooses to use equity as consideration for suc h 
acquisitions, existing shareholders may suffer dilution. Alternatively, the Corporation may choose t o finance any such acquisitions 
with its existing resources. There can be no assurance that the Corporation would be successful in overcoming these risks or any 
other problems encountered in connection with such acquisitions.  
Future Sales of Common Shares by Existing Shareholders  
Sales of a large number of  Common Shares in the public markets, or the potential for such sales, could decrease the trading price of 
the Common Shares and could impair the Corporation’s ability to raise capital through future sales of Common Shares.  
Major Shareholders with Greater than 10% Holding  
As at the date of this AIF, 2176423 Ontario Ltd., a company owned by Eric Sprott, owns in excess of 10% of the Common Shares,  
directly holding approximately 22.4% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares on an undiluted basis. 2176423 Ontario Ltd. is 
the Corporation’s largest shareholder.  
Upon the Porcupine Acquisition Closing, 2176423 Ontario Ltd. will hold  approximately 15.3% of the issued and outstanding 
Common Shares , and GCL will hold approximately 15.0% of issued and outstanding Common Shares. If shareholder approval for 
the Porcupine Acquisition is not obtained, 2176423 Ontario Ltd. will hold approximately 15.8% of the issued and outstanding 
Common Shares, and GCL will hold approximately 12.2% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares.  
As a result, 2176423 Ontario Ltd. and GCL  may have the ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to the Discovery 
shareholders for approval, which could include the election and removal of directors, amendments to Discovery’s corporate 
governance documents, and business combinations. Discovery’s interests and those of 2176423 Ontario Ltd. and GCL  may at times 
conflict, and this conflict might be resolved against Discovery’s interests. The concentration of between approximately 28.0% and 
30.3%  of Discovery’s issued and outstanding shares in the hands of two shareholders , depending on whether the Porcupine 
Acquisition closes,  may discourage an unsolicited bid for the Common Shares, and this may adversely impact the  value and trading 
price of the Common Shares. 2176423 Ontario Ltd.’s and GCL’s  participation in, or failure to participate in any issuance of additional 
securities of Discovery may have a material impact on the value and trading price of the Common Shares.  
Influence of Third -Party Stakeholders  
Some of the lands in which Discovery holds an interest, or the exploration equipment and roads or other means of access which  
Discovery intends to utilize in carrying out its work programs or general business mandates, may be subject to interests or c laims  by 
third party individuals, groups, or companies. If such third parties assert any claims, Discovery’s work programs may be dela yed, 
even if such claims are without merit. Such delays may result in significant financial loss and loss of opportunity for Di scovery.  
Risk of Litigation  
Discovery may become involved in disputes with third parties in the future that may result in litigation. The results of liti gation 
cannot be predicted with certainty and defence and settlement costs of legal claims can be substantial, even with respect to  claims 
that have no merit. If Discovery is unable to resolve these disputes favourably or if the cost of the resolution is substanti al, such 
events may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions.  - 37 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Conflicts of Interest  
Certain of the directors and officers of the Corporation also serve as directors and/or officers of other companies involved in natural 
resource exploration and development and consequently, there exists the possibility for such directors and officers to b e in a position 
of conflict. Any decision made by any of such directors and officers involving the Corporation should be made in accordance w ith 
their duties and obligations to deal fairly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporat ion and its shareholders. 
In addition, each of the directors is required to declare and refrain from voting on any matter in which such directors may h ave a 
conflict of interest in accordance with the procedures set forth in the BCBCA and other applicable laws.  
Key Executives  
The Corporation is dependent on the services and technical expertise of several key executives, including the directors of th e 
Corporation and a small number of highly skilled and experienced executives and personnel. Due to the relatively small size o f the 
Corporation, the loss of any of these individuals may adversely affect the Corporation’s ability to attract and retain additi onal highly 
skilled employees and may impact its business and future operations.  
Internal Controls  
Internal controls over financial reporting are procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are prop erly 
authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use, and transactions are properly recorded and reported.  A 
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance with respe ct to 
the reliability of financial reporting and financial statement preparation. The Corporation has undertaken to put into plac e a system 
of internal controls appropriate for its size, and reflective of its level of operations in order to provide reasonable assur ance that: (i) 
material information relating to the Corporation has been made known to them; and (ii) information requir ed to be disclosed in the 
Corporation’s filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities legisla tion.  
International Conflicts  
International conflicts and other geopolitical tensions and events, including war, military action, terrorism, trade disputes  and 
international responses thereto have historically led to, and may in the future lead to, uncertainty or volatility in global commodity 
and financial markets and supply chains. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to sanctions being levied agai nst 
Russia by the international community and may result in additional sanctions or other international action, any of whi ch may have a 
destabilizing effect on commodity prices, supply chains and global economies more broadly. In October 2023, Israel and Hamas,  
the terrorist organization and current ruling political party in the Gaza Strip, engaged in a series of violent exch anges, primarily in 
southern Israel and the Gaza Strip. This has resulted in a significant increase in tension in the region and may have far rea ching 
effects on the global economy. Volatility in commodity prices and supply chain disruptions may adversely affect the Corporation’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent and duration of the current conflicts in the Ukraine and Israel and 
related international action cannot be accurately predicted at this time and the effects of suc h conflict may magnify the impact of the 
other risks identified in this short form prospectus, including those relating to commodity price volatility and global finan cial 
conditions. The outcome of these conflicts is uncertain, and these conflicts may esca late and may result in escalated tensions within 
and outside of Eastern Europe and the Middle East, respectively. This could result in significant disruption of supplies of o il and 
natural gas from the region and could cause a significant worldwide supply shortage of oil and natural gas and have a significant 
impact on worldwide prices of oil and natural gas. A lack of supply of energy and high prices of oil and natural gas could ha ve a 
significant adverse impact on the world economy. The situation is rapid ly changing and unforeseeable impacts, including on the 
Corporation’s shareholders and counterparties on which the Corporation relies and transacts with, may materialize and may hav e an 
adverse effect on the Corporation’s operations and trading price of th e Common Shares.  
Changes to tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and the Corporation’ s 
business, financial results and financial condition.  
The introduction of protectionist or retaliatory international trade tariffs, domestic “buy local” policies, sanctions or oth er barriers to 
international commerce, including by the United States and Canada, may impact the Corporation’s ability to import ma terials needed 
to construct projects or conduct operations at prices that are economically feasible to be competitive, or at all. In additio n, the - 38 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
implementation by the U.S. government of new legislative or regulatory policies could impose additional costs on the Corporat ion, 
decrease U.S. demand for the Corporation’s products, or otherwise negatively impact the Corporation. Any change to tariffs and/or 
international trade regulations, and related impact to global economic conditions, may have a material adverse effect on glob al 
economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may, as a result, have a mat erial adverse effect on o ur business, 
financial conditions including cash flows, and results of operations.  
Global Financial Conditions Can Reduce Share Prices and Limit Access to Financing  
In recent years, global financial markets have been characterized by extreme volatility impacting many industries, including the 
mining industry. Global financial conditions remain subject to sudden and rapid destabilizations in response to future econom ic 
shocks, as government authorities may have limited resources to respond to future crises. A sudden or prolonged slowdown in t he 
financial markets or other economic conditions, including but not limited to, consumer spending, employment rates, business 
conditions, inflation, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, the state of the financial markets , interest 
rates and tax rates, may adversely affect the Corporation’s growth and profitability. Future economic shocks may be prec ipitated by 
a number of causes, including, but not limited to, material changes in the price of oil and other commodities, the volatility  of metal 
prices, governmental policies, geopolitical instability, war, terrorism, the devaluation and volatility of gl obal stock markets and 
natural disasters. Any sudden or rapid destabilization of global economic conditions could impact the Corporation’s ability t o obtain 
equity or debt financing in the future on terms favorable to the Corporation or at all. In such an event, the Corporation’s operations 
and financial condition could be adversely impacted.  
Currency Rate Risks  
The Corporation’s functional currency is the Canadian dollar. At the date of this AIF, cash balances were held primarily in C anadian 
and US dollars. Foreign currency risk is the risk that the value of the Corporation’s financial instruments denominated in foreign 
currencies will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Changes in the exchange rate between foreign currencies a nd the 
Canadian dollar could have a significant impact on the Corporation’s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The 
Corporation does not currently use derivative instruments to reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk, however exchange r ates 
are continually monitored for any significant changes. A portion of the Corporation’s exploration expenses are  paid in USD, and 
over the past two years the Corporation converted a portion of its CAD cash balances into USD to reduce its currency risk exp osure 
related to the CAD.  
The Corporation is mainly exposed to foreign currency risk on financial instruments (consisting of trade payables) denominate d in 
USD and MXP.   
There have been significant fluctuations in currency valuations during the period subsequent to December 31, 2024. There is n o 
certainty that currency valuations will return to pre -pandemic or pre -conflict levels and as such could have a material adverse i mpact 
on the Corporation’s operations.  
Canada’s Extractive Sector Transparency Measures Act  
The Canadian  Extractive Sector Transparency Measures Act  (“ESTMA ”), which became effective June 1, 2015, requires public 
disclosure of payments to governments by mining and oil and gas companies engaged in the commercial development of oil, gas 
and minerals who are either publicly listed in Canada or with business or a ssets in Canada. Mandatory annual reporting is required 
for extractive companies with respect to payments made to foreign and domestic governments at all levels, including entities 
established  by two or more governments, including Indigenous groups. ESTMA requires reporting on the payments of any taxes, 
royalties, fees, production entitlements, bonuses, dividends, infrastructure improvement payments, and any other prescribed p ayment 
over $100,0 00. Failure to report, false reporting or structuring payments to avoid reporting may result in fines of up to $250,000 
(which may be concurrent). Discovery commenced ESTMA reporting in 2018. If Discovery becomes subject to an enforcement 
action or in viol ation of ESTMA, this may result in significant penalties, fines and/or sanctions imposed on us resulting in a material 
adverse effect on our reputation.  - 39 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Dividend Policy  
No dividends on the Common Shares have been paid by the Corporation to date. Payment of any future dividends will be at the 
discretion of the Board after taking into account many factors, including the Corporation’s operating results, financial cond ition a nd 
current and anticipated cash needs. At this time, the Corporation has no source of cash flow and anticipates using all availa ble cash 
resources towards its stated business objectives and retaining all earnings, if any, to finance its business operations . 
 
THE CORDERO PROJECT  
As of the date of this AIF, the most recent NI 43 -101 technical report on the Cordero Project is the feasibility study : the “ Cordero 
Silver Project – NI 43 -101 Technical Report & Feasibility Study (Chihuahua State, Mexico) ”, with an effective date of February 16, 
2024 and a report date of March 28, 2024, addressed to the Corporation and authored by Qualified Persons Tommaso Roberto 
Raponi, P. Eng. (Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC.), John McCartney, C.Geol. (Ausenco Sustainab ility Canada Inc.), Jonathan 
Coope r, P.Eng. (Ausenco Sustainability Canada Inc.), Scott Weston, P.Geo. (Ausenco Sustainability Canada Inc.), Willie Hamilton, 
P.Eng. (AGP Mining Consultants Inc.), Mo Srivastava, P.Geo. (Red Dot 3D Inc.), Nadia Caira, P.Geo. (Discovery Silver Corp.), 
Humbert o Preciado, PE. (WSP USA Environment and Infrastructure Inc.), Blake Easby, PE. (WSP USA Environment and 
Infrastructure Inc.). The Cordero Technical Report was filed with Canadian securities regulatory authorities on the Corporati on’s 
issuer profile on SED AR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . 
The Cordero Technical Report is incorporated into this AIF by reference. The following is the executive summary extracted fro m 
the Cordero Technical Report  with certain updates to reflect the progress of the Cordero Project since the date of the Cordero 
Technical Report.  The following summary includes certain table and section references to the Cordero Technical Report  as well as 
certain defined terms that are defined in the Cordero Technical Report. The information contained in this summary has been de rived 
from the Cordero Technical Report, is subject to certain assumptions, qualifications, and procedures described in the Cordero  
Technical Report, and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Cordero Technical Report.  
Executive Summary  
Introduction  
Discovery Silver Corp. (Discovery Silver) commissioned Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC (Ausenco) to compile a feasibility 
study (FS) of the Cordero Project (the Project). The FS was prepared in accordance with the Canadian disclosure requirements of 
Nationa l Instrument 43 -101 (NI 43 -101) and in accordance with the requirements of Form 43 -101 F1.  
The responsibilities of the engineering companies who were contracted by Discovery Silver to prepare this report are as follows:  
• Ausenco managed and coordinated the work related to the report and developed FS -level design and cost estimate for the 
process plant, general site infrastructure, and economic analysis.  
• Libertas Metallurgy Ltd. (Libertas) supported Ausenco with the metallurgical test program.  
• Ausenco Sustainability ULC (Ausenco) conducted a review of the environmental studies completed by Consultores 
Interdisciplinarios en Medio Ambienta S.C. (CIMA) and carried out an assessment of the site -wide water management, 
including sizing and designing water management related structures for the Waste rock stockpiles and process area.  
• Ausenco Chile Limitada (Ausenco) prepared designs for a perimeter pit de -watering system and designs for makeup water 
supply from district wellfields.  
• AGP Mining Consultants Inc. (AGP) designed the open pit mine, ore stockpiles, waste rock stockpiles, mine production 
schedule, and mine capital and operating costs.  
• WSP USA Environment & Infrastructure Inc. (WSP)  completed geotechnical studies, site wide water balancing, and 
developed the FS -level design and cost estimate of the tailings storage facility.  
• Discovery Silver completed the work related to property description, accessibility, local resources, geological setting, 
deposit type, exploration work, drilling, exploration works, (Sections 4 through 10).  
• RedDot3D Inc. (RedDot3D) completed the work related to sample preparation and analysis, data verification and developed 
the mineral resource estimate for the project (Sections 11, 12 and 14).  - 40 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
A preliminary economic assessment (PEA) was filed with SEDAR in 2021 for the Cordero Project to process oxides and sulphides 
separately using a phased approach; the first phase focused on high -grade zones through a conventional flotation concentrator, 
followed by a second phase that expands into adjacent zones where the grades are generally lower but still moderate to high. A pr e-
feasibility study (PFS) was then completed in 2023 based on further metallurgical optimization, infill drilling, and the resu lts of 
further environmental and social consideration studies, and also to process the oxides and sulphides co -currently as a blended feed.  
This FS herein proposes the Cordero Project to be developed by a three -phased approach, with the first phase focused on high -grade 
zones through a conventional flotation concentrator at a nominal throughput of 25.5 kt/d (average through Year 1 -3), a second  phase 
that expands the plant to process material at a nominal throughput of 51.0 kt/d (average through Year 4+), and a third phase where 
the zinc cleaning and concentrate dewatering circuits will be expanded to process higher zinc grades in the feed mater ial. The process 
plant has been designed to account for variable ore hardness.  
The Project has operated under an Environmental Protection Plan filed with the government that describes the reclamation proc edures 
that will be required when exploration activities are completed. Environmental and social baseline studies have been complet ed for 
the project, and a study of surface and groundwater is currently underway.  
Property Description and Location  
Cordero is a silver deposit owned by Discovery Silver in northern Mexico, in the south of the state of Chihuahua, approximate ly 600 
km from the border with the United States.  ( Figure 0-1). The Project is accessed by vehicle 35 km southwest from Chihuahua City 
along State Highway 16 to the Parral turn -off to State Highway 24, then 150 km south on Highway 24 where an access road heads 
east for 10 km to the project site.  
Mineral Tenure, Surface Rights, Water Rights, Royalties and Agreements  
The Cordero Project consists of the 26 titled mining concessions totalling 34,909 contiguous hectares owned by Minera Titán S .V. 
de C.V. Mexico (Titán), a wholly owned Mexican subsidiary of Discovery. Mining concessions are granted for 50 years and may b e 
renewed for an additional 50 years. Concessions are granted on a mining lot that may comprise the area requested by the inter ested 
party. There are no limitations to the number of hectares for each mining lot.  
The main obligations of the concessionaires are:  
• to carry out exploration and exploitation works,  
• pay mining duties,  
• comply with safety and environmental protection regulations, and  
• submit reports to the authorities and fulfill other obligations of lesser importance.  
For the San Pedro concession, there is an agreement (the “Cordilleras Contract” in Figure 4 -5) between Cordilleras and Titán that 
requires Titán to pay Cordilleras a 2% NSR royalty. Titán can assign the obligation of payment of the royalty to a third part y by 
written notice sent to Cordilleras. If Cordilleras decides to sell its right to receive the royalty, Titán will have the righ t of first refusal 
on the same terms and conditions that Cordilleras offered to a third party.  
For the Josefina, Berta, La Unidad II, and La Unidad claims there is an agreement (the “Eloy Contract” in Figure 4 -5) between Titán 
and two concessionaires: Mr. Eloy Herrera Martínez and Cleotilde de la Rosa Ríos which requires Titán to pay a 1% NSR royalty 
to the concessionaires. If the concessionaires decide to sell their right to receive the royalty, Titán will have the right o f first refusal 
on the same terms and conditions that the co ncessionaires offered to a third party.  
Accessibility, Climate, Local Resources, Infrastructure and Physiography  
The deposit lies in a region that has a long history of silver mining dating back to the 1600s. In the hills where the Corder o deposit 
lies, there are several small mines with rich silver veins that reach the surface. In the past two decades, the possibility o f a large bulk 
mining target at depth at Cordero was explored and tested through drilling carried out by Levon. Since 2019, when Di scovery Silver 
acquired the project in a merger with Levon, drilling has continued, with a focus on high -grade zones at depth, well below the reach 
of the small -scale historical mines, but within reach for a modern industrial open pit operation.  - 41 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
The QP is not aware of any significant factors or risks that might affect access, title or the right or ability to perform wo rk on the 
property. Discovery is currently awaiting the Semarnat decision to permit the Project based on the Environmental Impact Assessment 
(EIA) submitted by the Corporation  in 2023.  
Figure 0-1: Location of the Cordero Project in Southern Chihuahua State, Mexico  
 
Source: RedDot3D, 2023.  
History  
Historical records and anecdotal information indicate that the region around Cordero has supported mining activity since the early 
17th century when the Spanish established Real de San José at what is now the town of Hidalgo de Parral (or simply, “Parral”) . At 
Cordero, 35 shallow vertical  shafts can still be found along with associated small prospect pits on outcrops of high -grade silver -lead-
zinc mineralization. In shafts that remain accessible, small open stopes can be found at the bottom. The lack of commentary o n 
production at Cordero by the Parral Silver Company, suggests that mining on the higher ground of Cordero remained small in scale 
and unorganized into the late 19th century. By the start of the 20th century, the American Smelting and Refining Company (Asa rco) 
operated small mine s on what is now the Cordero property, including La Luz, La Ceniza, and Josefina where they worked veins and 
breccias with high -grade sulphide mineralization. The lack of tailings around the old mill at La Luz, the largest of Asarco’s mines 
at Cordero, ind icates that it was not operational for any significant length of time. In 2013, Titán consolidated claim ownership in 
the district, bringing unorganized artisanal mining at Cordero to an end. From the very earliest artisanal mining at Cordero,  through 
to the past decade, a shallow water table has created difficulties with dewatering, making all the historical mines at Cordero 
necessarily shallow. Although three centuries of mining confirm that Cordero hosts abundant silver, lead, zinc, and gold, his torical 
mines have drawn their production only from some of the near -surface resources. Deeper mineralization remains untouched by past 
production.  
In 2000, Industrias Peñoles completed a review of the region for copper, molybdenum, and gold potential, and drilled a few sh ort 
holes on the Sansón stock, and on the Valle Intrusive Complex at Porfido Norte. From 2006 to 2009, Valley High Ventures Ltd. 
(Valley High) owned the claims through their wholly -owned subsidiary, Coro Minera. Valley High carried out surface exploration 
work, compiled the project’s first comprehensive database, and organized drill core that had been stored in several different  secur e 
locations. By 2009, Valley High had dropped half of its claim holdings and entered into a joint venture agreement with Levon 
Resources Ltd (Levon). Beginning in 2009, Levon re -staked mineral claims that had been dropped by Valley High and added 
- 42 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
adjoining claims. By 2011, Levon had met their vesting requirements for 100% of the property and bought out Valley High. In 2 013, 
Levon added a significant addition to the package of mining concessions with purchase of the Aida claim. In 2019, Levon merge d 
with Discovery Metals Corp. In April 2021, Discovery Metals Corp., which changed its name to Discovery Silver Corp., held 100 % 
ownership of the mineral rights that cover all the land needed for a large open pit that targets Cordero’s bulk of mineraliza tion at 
depth.  
Exploration work completed by Valley High included geological mapping, rock sampling, gridded soil sampling, and trenching at  
the Sansón, La Ceniza, and the Cordero Main target areas. Historic drill core was re -logged and re -sampled, and the results 
recogn ized the potential for bulk tonnage targets on the property. Levon carried out reconnaissance mapping which confirmed the 
importance of three mineralized magmatic hydrothermal belts on the property. In 2009, 2010, and 2011, several different geoph ysical 
survey companies completed ground -based and airborne -based geophysical surveys over the Cordero Magmatic -Hydrothermal Belt 
including ground -based gravity and 3D induced polarization (IP) surveys over the Dos Mil Diez, Pozo de Plata, and Molino de 
Viento targ ets. The Cordero main intrusive complex, and La Ceniza Stock defined areas where the chargeability shows a strong 
multi -km long anomaly both within, and well outside the current resource area to the northeast. In 2010, Aeroquest flew an airborne  
electromag netic, magnetic, and radiometric survey over the main Cordero magmatic -hydrothermal belt. The aeromagnetic results 
defined a sizeable inferred buried intrusive center, north -northeast of the current resource area with an estimated depth of 3.0 km. 
The radi ometric survey defined a high potassium anomaly centered over the current resource pit as well as along the entire Cordero 
Magmatic -Hydrothermal Belt coincident with known exploration targets. In 2013, Levon completed a 3D IP survey over the La 
Perla targe t as well as a magnetotelluric (MT) survey over the Molino de Viento target.  
Levon initiated the first significant drilling on the project starting in 2009 and continuing through 2017. Drilling by Levon  totaled 
133,620 m for a total of 292 core holes ending at drill hole C17 -292. The drilling by Levon resulted in the initial defini tion of the 
bulk tonnage mineral resource at Cordero.  
Evidence of past production at Cordero consists of 35 vertical shafts and approximately 104 mined -out stopes that reach to surface. 
The stopes vary between 1 and 2 meters in width and are characterized by oxides and sulphides of high -grade Ag -Pg-Zn ± Au ve ins 
and vein breccias, some of which outcrop on surface. Local workers and former small -scale underground miners that historically 
worked in the stopes reported that most of the production involved directly shipping mineralized material that was hand sorte d, 
shipped, and processed in Parral. The historical mines of La Luz, La Ceniza and Josefina show evidence of water pumping effor ts 
and support the anecdotal knowledge that the Cordero project area has abundant groundwater. Local workers have reported that most 
of the vertical workings are excavated to the water table located at an approximate depth of 50 to 80 m. No reliable records of 
historical mining have been encountered to date.  
Levon filed a technical report on SEDAR that described a mineral resource estimate based on all data available through April 2014. 
The mineral resource estimate was prepared in accordance with the requirements of NI 43 -101. The mineral resource was estimat ed 
using an inverse distance ID6 model constrained by an open pit shell. A silver equivalent grade was calculated for each block  based 
on the metal grades, estimate of mill recovery for each metal, and the metal prices. Although the 2017 resource estimate was prepared 
in accordance with NI 43 -101, no qualified person has done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as current mineral 
resources and it has since been superseded by the Corporation’s own current mineral resource estimate provided in section 14 of this 
report. Discovery Silver is not treating the historical estimate as current.  
In 2018, Levon produced a PEA report with an effective date of March 1, 2018, that was prepared in accordance with NI 43 -101. 
The 2018 mineral resource estimate was based on 263 drill holes (126,235 meters of drilling) completed by the end of 2017. Th e 
mineral resource was estimated utilizing an inverse distance methodology and contemplated an open pit geometry based on a 
standard flotation mill with separate zinc and lead circuits, mill recoveries, operating costs for processing, G&A, and minin g. A 
silver equivalent grade was calculated for each block based on metal grades, estimate of mill recovery for each metal, and the metal  
prices. No qualified person has done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as current mineral resources and Dis cover y 
Silver is not treating the historical estimate as current mineral resources. The 2018 historical mineral resource estimate ha s been 
superseded by the Corporation’s own current mineral resource estimate provided in section 14 of this report.  
Geology and Mineralization  
Regionally, Cordero lies in an area where sedimentary rocks of the Eastern Basin and Range geological province meet the volca nic 
rocks of the Sierra Madre Occidental province. The tectonic and magmatic history of the Sierra Madre Occidental (Tertiary Vol canic - 43 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Province) is thought to extend into parts of eastern and southern Chihuahua as far south as Cordero where the landscape is do minated 
by Oligocene -Miocene basaltic -andesites, Oligocene ignimbrites, and Eocene volcanic and intrusive rocks (Ferrari et al., 20 07). 
There are three major southwest to northeast magmatic -hydrothermal belts that crosscut the Cordero property subparallel to major 
transcurrent faults in the area. Other faults in the area include reverse (compressional), extensional and normal faults.  
The relationship at Cordero between structural, stratigraphic, magmatic, and geochemical characteristics is complex. The focu s of 
drilling in the current resource area in the past decade has been along the central Cordero magmatic -hydrothermal belt compris ed of 
high-K felsic to intermediate igneous rocks and related breccias, locally forming resistant silicified structural domes bisected b y a 
series of sub -parallel transcurrent mineralized structural corridors (e.g., Cordero, Parcionera, Josefina and Todo S antos) to name a 
few. The Cordero structural corridor has uniquely been exploited by a sheeted dyke complex that can be followed for at least 3 km 
from Pozo de Plata in the southwest to La Boquilla in the northeast and beyond. Several NNW -trending reverse faults have severely 
deformed the sediments and several parallel NW -trending normal faults (e.g., Mega and Southwest faults) have offset the 
sedimentary and igneous rock package down to the southwest in a stair -step fashion.  
Metal tenor, mineralization style and associated alteration changes from La Ceniza and Sanson in the northeast where replacem ent 
style Zn -Cu (Ag -Pb) calc silicate skarn cut by quartz molybdenite -(chalcopyrite) stockwork has recently been defined in several  
deep drill holes including C23 -760 to a downhole depth of 1700.9 m. In sharp contrast the Pozo de Plata breccia complex in the 
southwest is dominated by veinlet, disseminate, and open -space vein breccia silver -lead-(zinc) mineralization where gold grades are 
higher lacking calc -silicate skarn.  
Historical small -scale mining was focused on NE -trending Ag -Pb-Zn mineralized structural corridors comprised of vein, vein 
breccia, stockwork, and mill breccias that bisect earlier intrusions and associated calc -silicate skarn alteration/mineralization. At  the 
Pozo de Plata breccia complex higher gold grades are associated with the interface between galena -pyrite in electrum and spatially 
associated with silver tellurides. Favoured mineralization sites include a variety of breccias derived from differing me chanisms 
including contact breccia, intrusive breccia, mill breccia, mud/phreatic breccia, fault breccia and sedimentary collapse brec cia as 
well as mineralization in disseminate, vein selvage, and open space breccia cement.  
The precious and base metal mineralization is spatially associated with sulphide minerals such as pyrite, argentiferous galen a (the 
main silver -bearing phase), sphalerite (both iron -rich and iron -poor), and chalcopyrite as well as pyrargyrite, hessite, tet rahedrite, 
rare electrum and PGM's. Weathering has created a near -surface oxide layer, locally up to 40 m in thickness, where sulphide minerals 
are generally absent and precious metals including silver and gold are elevated in grade.  
Cordero has characteristics of contrasting paleo -levels juxtaposing different temperatures of emplacement. The southwest part of the 
resource pit presents as intermediate temperature of formation (e.g., sulfosalt dominant) in shales and calcareous siltston es with 
similarities to some extensional (E -type) intermediate sulphidation epithermal systems. The majority of Cordero presents as both 
intermediate temperature Ag -Au-Pb > Zn (open -space breccia, sulfosalt -dominant to high temperature Zn -Pb-Ag+/ -Cu+/ -Au+/ - Mo 
CRD -skarn, a magmatic -hydrothermal system directly related to the emplacement of quartz monzonite and associated intrusions. 
This deposit type comprises many economically important deposits located throughout the Cordillera of North and South America  
and are attractive exploration targets. Northeast Cordero mineralization is characterized by extensive Zn -Cu calc -silicate skarn 
forming annular metamorphic aureoles around exposed and buried quartz monzonite intrusions as well as Pb -Zn +/ - Ag 
mineralizati on along fluid escape structures (e.g., Cordero and associated faults). In contrast, southwest Cordero is characterized by 
massive sulphide Pb -Zn (Ag -Cu-Au) replacements (mantos) forming parallel to favorable stratigraphy at rhyodacite sill contacts and 
sulphides in crosscutting veinlet/vein breccia/stockwork networks at high angles to sill contacts.  
Deposit Types  
Recent results from deep drilling at La Ceniza and various studies completed in 2023, including Spot SEM, petrography, fluore scence, 
and results from 40Ar-39Ar age dates associated with silver -base metal mineralization across the deposit have shed further light on the 
Cordero deposit type. The Cordero CRD -skarn magmatic -hydrothermal system is directly related to the emplacement of intrusions 
like other nearby and globally distributed CRD deposits (Figure 7 -3 and Figure 8 -1). Carbonate Replacement Deposits (e.g., CRDs) 
span a vertically extensive continuum from higher temperature CRD -skarn as in southern Arizona at Bisbee, in northern Chihuahua 
at Bismarck as we ll as in central to south Chihuahua at Santa Eulalia and Naica (Figure 7 -3). Massive sulphide is dominant at some 
deposits without a known magmatic association, as at Cinco de Mayo, Chihuahua (Beinlich, 2019). Regional variations in metal - 44 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
assemblage, tectonic environment, and relations to intrusions have been studied, showing a common genetic theme (Titley, 1993 ; 
Megaw, 1996).  
Regionally, these deposits form at temperatures > 250 degrees Celsius  from saline brines in replacements of platform limestones and 
dolomites. In Mexico, CRD deposits are typically located along the west side of the Chihuahua Trough littered with known and 
inferred Eocene -age magnetic intrusions emplaced at varied paleodept hs. Typically, CRD deposits are clustered in a continental crust 
setting (Titley, 1993) and have concordant and discordant deposit geometries with the variable presence of calc -silicate s karn.  
Mineralization at the Cordero Project is polymetallic (Pb, Zn, Ag, Au, Cu) and occurs in a large CRD +/ - skarn. The oldest 
mineralization at Cordero is replacement calc -silicate skarn with Zn -Cu and lesser Pb -Ag, considered spatially and genetically relate d 
to vertically extensive Eocene -age quartz monzonite intrusion(s) at Sanson recently dated at ~ 38Ma (U -Pb zircons at 38.02 +/ - 0.53 
Ma), an age close to the molybdenite mineralization that crosscuts it at ~ 38Ma (La Ceniza Re -Os on molybdenite at 38.50 + /- 0.16 
Ma). Alteration envelopes composed of adularia, sanidine, K -feldspar, white micas to high -grade silver -rich mineralization at Pozo 
de Plata and elsewhere within the current resource pit places the alteration associated with high grade silver -base m etal mineralization 
at ~36 to 38 Ma (adularia 40Ar/39Ar isochron age of 37.56 ± 0.04 Ma (2σ, MSWD = 1.44) from Pozo de Plata and alkali feldspar, 
sanidine, white micas returned age dates ~36 to 38 Ma. These results suggests that mineralization taken from w idely spaced locations 
within the current resource pit are temporally and likely genetically related.  
The Cordero deposit massive sulfides formed at contacts of reactive wall rock with rhyodacite laccolith/sill complex that tra nsition 
to veinlet/disseminate within these high -level intrusions. Alteration associated with mineralization is typically phyllic ( +/- adularia) 
in faults/fractures discordant (crosscutting stratigraphy) as well as concordant (parallel to stratigraphy) in bedding parall el faults, 
some along fold axes. Replacement style Zn -Cu mineralization in calc -silicate skarn is dominant at the nor theast end of the current 
resource pit with cross -cutting Zn -Pb and quartz Mo+/ - Cu veinlet mineralization.  
Exploration  
The deposit type CRD -skarn are challenging exploration targets for many reasons. They have structural, stratigraphic, magmatic, and 
geochemical controls that can vary at different locations within the current resource pit and along the vast 10 -km long Cord ero 
magmatic -hydrothermal belt. This includes the fact that approximately 85% of the Cordero project is covered with recent alluvium, 
colluvium, and volcanic capping deposits that potentially masks mineralization of interest. A variety of geophysical tools  have been 
utilized to aid in identifying areas of interest at Cordero including the following:  
• Induced polarization (IP) surveys assist in defining high pyrite contents (5% to 20%) in areas of high fluid flow, where 
chargeability highs (high conductive minerals like pyrite) and resistivity highs are coincident with intrusive igneous 
complexes (high resistive minerals).  
• Radiometric surveys assist where potassium (%K), thorium (%Th), and uranium (%U) provide a guide to radioactive 
minerals often associated with unique igneous rocks and hydrothermal alteration in areas of high fluid flow; potassium 
feldspar (e.g., orthoclas e, sanidine). Potassium -bearing adularia -sericite (white mica) and buddingtonite also aid as a guide 
to erosion levels where adularia occurs at lower temperature and shallower depths of emplacement (e.g., Pozo de Plata) and 
orthoclase/sanidine might occur at higher temperature and deeper depths of emplacement (e.g., La Ceniza).  
• Magnetic surveys assist where magnetic highs might represent buried magma chambers, or magnetic pyrrhotite and/or 
magnetite mineralization inskarn -replacement mineralization.  
• Electromagnetic (EM) surveys assist where conductivity (high or low) is measured, and hydrothermal alteration creates an 
EM response; alteration along structures and key fault intersections are often highlighted with EM surveys.  
• In addition, structurally controlled deposits are best defined by remote sensing tools including structural interpretations 
from satellite -based ASTER imagery to define the following:  
• major regional long -range west -northwest structures intersected by northeast -trending structures that parallel major terrane 
boundaries.  
• structural/alteration targets at structural intersections.  
• magmatic -hydrothermal trends including domal and circular features.  
• Geological and geochemical mapping and sampling programs defined the following:  - 45 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
• high copper (Cu), high zinc (Zn) +/ - high lead (Pb) and/or high (Mo) values suggesting proximity to an intrusion -related 
hydrothermal systems.  
• high silver values (Ag), high gold values (Au), high lead (Pb) , and zinc (Zn) values in vein-, stockwork -, breccia -, fault -, 
and shear -related precious metal and base metal mineralization.  
• alteration zonation from lower temperature mineralization towards high temperature alteration and mineralization includes 
from adularia -white mica to sanidine -white micas.  
• vein-gangue and vein -sulphide definition.  
Drilling  
Extensive drilling has been completed on the Cordero property totaling 354,424.59 meters in 928 drill holes (includes Discove ry’s  
Silver’s mine infrastructure holes). These drilling campaigns took place over several years by Levon from 2009 to 2014 and in  2017, 
and core drilling continued between 2019 to 2023 by Discovery Silver. The most recent exploration core hole drilled on the pr oject 
was C23 -767 ending in September 2023.  
Table  0-1 summarizes the year, number, total meters and intent of the drilling completed by Discovery Silver from 2019 through 
2023.  
Table 0-1: Summary of Drilling by Discovery Silver to December 2023  
Company  Year  Drill Holes  Meters  Notes  
Discovery Silver  2019  17 5,905  Resource area core holes  
Discovery Silver  2020  99 39,484  Resource area core holes  
Discovery Silver  2021  178 85,347  Resource area core holes  
Discovery Silver  2021  2 808 Geotech oriented core (pit -wall stability piezometer holes)  
Discovery Silver  2022  149 59,621  Resource core holes and exploration core holes  
Discovery Silver  2022  17 1,919  Geotechnical oriented core (pit -wall stability)  
Discovery Silver  2022  89 4,546  Oxide resource definition in core holes  
Discovery Silver  2022  6 2,190  Reverse circulation (hydrology holes)  
Discovery Silver  2023  32 13,655  Resource area and exploration holes  
Discovery Silver  2023  3 1,395  Geotechnical oriented core (pit -wall stability)  
Discovery Silver  2023  1 401 Large diameter water hole  
Discovery Silver  2023  12 5,265  Reverse circulation (hydrology holes)  
Discovery Silver  2023  20 986 Mine Infrastructure holes (TSF embankment)  
Discovery Silver  2023  11 285 Mine infrastructure holes (geotech holes around plant site)  
Totals  - 636  221,807  Exploration and engineering holes  
Notes: 1. Includes holes drilled on other exploration targets outside of the 2023 resource pit. 2. Drill holes counted in the year in 
which they were completed. 3. Reverse -circulation holes were drilled for engineering and environmental purposes. 4. Some numbers 
may not sum exactly due to rounding.  
Additional drilling by Discovery Silver has allowed updated interpretation of deposit type we well as of the structural, stra tigraphic, 
magmatic, and geochemical controls, and definition of dominant fluid flow corridors of high -grade mineralization. These controls 
and domains have been used to more accurately update the estimate of resources. The average estimated recovery factor for hol es 
drilled by Discovery Silver is approximately 98%. The QP is unaware of any recovery or sampling factors that could mate rially 
impact the accuracy and reliability of the assay results. The current mineral resource estimate is based on a drill dataset c onsisting 
of 310,861 m of drilling (793 drill holes); of which 188,672 m of drilling (526 drill holes) was completed by Disc overy.  - 46 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Sample Preparation, Analyses and Security  
The reliability of the resource and reserve estimates rests on the sample preparation, analysis, security, and QA/QC procedur es of 
two companies: Levon Resources Ltd. from 2007 through 2017, and Discovery Silver Corp. from 2019 to the present. At this 
Feasibility Study stage, the majority (62%) of the samples used for resource estimation are from holes drilled since 2019 by 
Discovery Silver.  
Both Levon and Discovery Silver used similar sample preparation procedures, sawing their HQ core in half, sending one half to  the 
lab, and retaining the other half for future studies. The labs that received samples from the Cordero Project have all been a ccredited 
by the Standards Council of Canada and certified to the ISO/IEC 17025 standard which require laboratories to have internal qu ality 
assurance and quality control (QA/QC) programs to monitor the reliability of the analytical information they provide  to clients.  
Sample preparation at the lab consisted of the conventional steps for precious and base metals projects: crushing to  
2 mm, followed by pulverizing to either 105 microns (Levon) or 75 microns (Discovery Silver).  
The analyses of gold grades were done by fire assay with an atomic absorption finish, using a sub -sample of the homogenized pulp 
material, either 30 grams (Levon) or 50 grams (Discovery Silver). The analyses of silver, lead and zinc were done by ICP on a  0.5-
gram sample digested by aqua regia (Levon) or on a 0.25 -gram sample digested by a four -acid procedure (Discovery Silver).  
In general, the procedures chosen by Discovery Silver are an improvement over those used by Levon: finer pulverization, large r sub -
sample for gold analyses, four -acid digestion instead of two -acid. But the QA/QC programs of each company showed that both th e 
Levon and Discovery Silver analyses were acceptable for mineral resource estimation. The vast majority of checks of certified  
reference material were with the prescribed tolerances; the very few CRM assays that were beyond the acceptable tolerances we re 
due to sample numbering mix -ups. The QA/QC analyses of blank material confirmed that there was no detectable cross -
contamination between samples. The blank material used by Levon had low but detectable concentrations of zinc; Discovery Silv er 
changed to a different blank material that was properly barren for all four revenue -producing metals. Checks of duplicate assays 
showed high correlations and no systematic inter -lab bias.  
Discovery Silver did dry bulk density measurements for several thousands of samples. Most of these were done at site by the p roject’s 
geologists; some were done by an independent, commercial lab. The sample preparation for these included drying of 10 -15 cm  
segments of quarter -core, followed by weighing of the dried sample. The sample was then weighed again when immersed in liquid 
so that the dry bulk density could be calculated by Archimedes’ Principle. These density measurements included QA/QC samples 
and were compared to grains density measurements which are known to be slightly higher than bulk density measurements. Of the 
many thousands of dry bulk density measurements, approximately 5,800 were retained for interpolating density directly into th e 
block m odel.  
Sample security arrangements were similar for both companies. The samples are bagged and zip -tied with a security seal and held 
at the geology logging area at the project site until they are picked up by the commercial lab. Travel to the site from publi c roads can 
only be done through a padlocked gate that the Discovery Silver controls.  
Data Verification  
From 2007 to 2017, the Levon database was maintained as a Microsoft Access database that was checked by Independent Mining 
Consultants, Inc. (IMC) when they exported drill hole and assay information from Access into their own database management 
software. IMC reported to Levon any problems, including mismatches between the digital database and assay certific ates. 
When Discovery Silver acquired the project, they verified the entire Levon data base when they imported it into their GeoInfo  Tools 
database management system. A comprehensive check of digital data against original assay certificates was done at this time.  
The QP for Data Verification has analyzed the results of independent verification samples collected from the project site in 2021; 
these results, done on quarter -core from intervals chosen by the QP and analyzed at a lab chosen by the QP, are consistent wi th the 
results in the digital data base. The QP also checked assay certificates against the digital data base for approximately 40% of the 
Discovery Silver drill holes in the Measured and Indicated regions of the block model. This check confirmed that all the instances 
where the data base assay values did not exactly match the original assay certificate were due either to the original assay h aving been 
above the upper limit for the analytical method or to Discovery Silver’s requests for reanalysis due to QA /QC failures. In both cases, 
the digital data base contains an assay value found on a different assay certificate done at a later time.  - 47 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testwork  
Extensive metallurgical testwork  has been undertaken on the Cordero project by Discovery Silver, and previously by Levon 
Resources dating back to 2011.  
QEMSCAN analysis of multiple composites and geometallurgical samples confirmed the predominant sulphide mineral contained 
across the volcanic, sedimentary, and breccia samples was pyrite. Sphalerite and galena were present in the volcanic, sedimen tary, 
and breccia samples to a lesser extent. The oxide composites did not contain significant amounts of sulphide minerals.  
The gangue mineralogy was dominated by quartz, plagioclase, K feldspar, Si/Al clays, and calcite. The sedimentary samples 
contained the largest concentration of calcite, while the oxide samples contained the least calcite. The oxide samples contai ned the 
most amount of Si/Al clays compared to the other lithologies.  
At a primary grind size of 80% passing 200 μm averaged across the 30 variability composites, the galena averaged approximatel y 
65% liberation, and the sphalerite averaged approximately 78% liberation. Where unliberated, the galena and sphalerite were i n 
binary association with pyrite or ternary association with non -sulphide gangue.  
The various phases of testwork have culminated in the selection of a robust, differential lead -zinc flotation flowsheet after relatively 
coarse (80% passing or k 80=200 µm) primary grind. This flowsheet has been proven to be effective across upwards of 90 variability, 
master and blended (oxide and sulphide) composites with average locked cycle test performance from all phases of testwork ret urning 
the following avera ge metallurgy from metallurgical testing results:  
• Lead/silver concentrate grading 52% Pb and 3,026 g/t Ag at lead and silver recoveries of 86% and 76% respectively.  
• Zinc concentrate grading 52% Zn and 274 g/t Ag at zinc and silver recoveries of 85% and 9% respectively.  
• Global silver recovery (to lead and zinc concentrates) of 85%.  
Due to the relatively coarse primary grind and moderate concentrate regrinds, the final tails generated via the flotation cir cuit dewater 
readily. The majority of the final tails products from locked cycle testing have been shown to be non -acid generating,  with a relatively 
minor amount of samples being classified as potentially acid generating.  
The lead and zinc concentrate dewatering testwork conducted during the FS indicated that lead concentrates can be filtered to  about 
11% w/w moisture and zinc concentrates can be filtered to about 7 -9% w/w moisture. For the lead concentrate, this is higher than 
what was achieved in the PFS (at about 8% w/w moisture) and this is attributed to a combination of slightly finer regrind k 80 resulting 
from the optimized flowsheet and the inclusion of oxide material in the composite used to generate the final concen trates. This is 
currently under further investigation and transport moisture limits and flow moisture point (TML/FMP) testwork is required to  
determine whether this represents a potential risk to the project.  
Concentrate quality scans were conducted on locked cycle test products. The main deleterious elements were:  
• Mercury (Hg) content of the lead and zinc concentrates averaged 13 g/t and 13 g/t respectively.  
• Organic carbon content of all concentrates were below 2.6% C ORG. 
• Arsenic (As) content of the lead and zinc concentrates averaged 0.31% and 0.23% respectively.  
• Cadmium (Cd) content of the lead and zinc concentrates averaged 505 g/t and 4,950 g/t respectively.  
• Chlorine (Cl) content was consistently low (0.01% Cl) and often below detection limit.  
Comminution testwork conducted on variability samples and composite blends indicate that Cordero ore is hard to very hard, wi th 
an average Bond Ball Work Index of approximately 18 kWh/t and an average SMC ore competency (Axb) value of 58.  
Heap leaching of the oxide zone was considered for additional silver recovery, but column leach and bottle roll testwork was 
suspended in 2022 in favour of blending the oxide material in with the sulphides at low blend ratios, via the flotation circu it. 
Testwork has shown that the oxides can be blended with the sulphide ore and processed via the flotation circuit at blend prop ortions 
up to 20%. Reductions in metal recoveries and concentrates were observed, especially when the oxide proportions exceeded 10 % 
but these reductions are commensurate to the proportion of oxide material. The recommended oxide blend is up to 15%.  
Robust metallurgical projection models have been derived for the sulphides from locked cycle and batch cleaner variability te stwork 
and are appropriate for this level of study. Using the latest mine plan head grades, the LOM metallurgical projections are a s follows:  - 48 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Silver/lead concentrates grading 47% Pb, 4.4% Zn and 2,904 g/t Ag at lead and silver recoveries of 84% and 73% respectively.  
Zinc concentrates grading 49% Zn and 251 g/t Ag at zinc and silver recoveries of 84% and 10% respectively.  
Global silver recovery to combined concentrate of 84%.  
Mineral Resource Estimate  
The geological modeling, geostatistics, and grade estimations were performed using Leapfrog Geo® and Leapfrog EDGE® software,  
version 2022.1.1. The current Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) is based on a drill hole data base that contains information on 
310,861 m of drilling from 793 drill holes; this includes 34,957 m in 103 drill holes completed since the Preliminary Feasibi lity 
Study. The Feasibility  Study MRE considers geological and structural domains, which are determined based on lithological and 
structural controls.  
Ordinary kriging (OK) was used as the interpolation method to estimate average grades of silver, gold, lead, and zinc for res ource 
model blocks in each domain. The analysis of spatial continuity was done using pairwise relative experimental variograms whic h 
were used to create the variogram models used by ordinary kriging. Validation of the OK block model included: i) comparison w ith 
an inverse -distance model; ii) visual checks of consistency with drill hole data and geological logging; iii) swath plots; iv ) 
geostatistical checks of the block model's grade tonnage curves calculated for each classification region versus the volume -variance 
adjusted global grade -tonnage curve calculated from drill hole assays; and, v) checks of original assays versus block est imates in 
those blocks penetrated by drill holes.  
The classification of the MRE into Measured, Indicated and Inferred regions was developed by evaluating block -by-block metrics 
that assess the proximity of nearby data; these block -by-block metrics were spatially smoothed to ensure that the classification was 
consistent over practically mineable regions. Additionally, an optimized pit shell was used to further constrain the reported  Mineral 
Resource. This step was taken to ensure that the resource meets the reporting code requirement of having "reasonable p rospects for 
eventual economic extraction".  
The Mineral Resource has been divided into sulphide and oxide zones. The reporting cutoff for each zone is based on a net -smelter -
return (NSR) that has been determined by considering various technical and economic factors, such as metallurgical recoveries  and 
payabilities, then deducting treatment costs and refining charges from the net revenue generated from the sale of metals. The  NSR 
reporting cutoff is the same for both oxide and sulphide zones, but the technical and economic parameters of the silver -equivalent 
calculation are different for each zone.  
Mineral Resources do not have demonstrated technical and economic viability. In this report, Mineral Resources are reported 
inclusive of Mineral Reserves.  
The Cordero Project’s total Mineral Resources, which are presented in  
Table 0-2 below, include both sulfide resources at depth and oxide resources near the ground surface. The sulfide resources 
generally have lower recoveries, which affects the calculation of NSR in each zone. The sulfide and oxide resources are shown  
separately in t he following sections, along with the technical and economic parameters used in each zone.  
Table 0-2: Total Mineral Resources for the Cordero Project, with an Effective Date of August 31, 2023, above an 
NSR Cut -off of $7.25/t and within a Reporting Pit Shell  
Class  Tonnage  
Mt Grade  Contained Metal  
Ag 
g/t Au 
g/t Pb 
% Zn 
% AgEq  
g/t Ag 
Moz  Au 
Koz Pb 
Mlb Zn 
Mlb AgEq  
Moz  
Measured  353 24 0.07 0.33 0.60 56 274 812 2,561  4,644  643 
Indicated  366 19 0.04 0.28 0.55 48 218 490 2,252  4,456  559 
M&I  719 21 0.06 0.30 0.57 52 492 1,303  4,813  9,099  1,203  
Inferred  148 14 0.02 0.18 0.35 33 65 121 606 1,140  154 
Notes: 1. The parameters used to calculate AgEq in the sulphide and oxide zones are shown in the footnotes of the following tables. - 49 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
2. The tabulated grades and metal contents are in situ estimates, and do not include factors such as external dilution, mining l osses 
and process recovery losses. As such, these are mineral resources, not mineral reserves, and do not have demonstrated econom ic and 
technical viability. 3. The QP is not aware of any factors or issues that materially affect the development of the reported Mineral 
Resource other than normal risks faced by mining projects in Mexico in terms of metallurgical, title, legal, environmental, p ermitting, 
taxation, s ocio-economic, and political factors. 4. The tabulated numbers have been rounded to reflect the level of precision 
appropriate for the estimates and may appear not to sum correctly due to rounding. 5. Mineral resources that are not mineral reserves 
do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
 
Sulphide  Mineral Resource  
Sulphide mineralization is defined as the mineralization located below a well -defined oxide boundary that extends to depths of up 
to 100 meters below the surface. To report sulphide resources, an NSR cut -off of $7.25 per tonne has been applied. This cut -off 
value was determined based on estimating the costs associated with processing and general administrative expenses (G&A) for t he 
standard flotation processing method applied to this  material.  
Table 0-3: Sulphide Mineral Resources for the Cordero Project, with an Effective Date of August 31, 2023, above an 
NSR Cut -off of $7.25/t and Within a Reporting Pit Shell  
Class  Tonnage  
Mt Grade  Contained Metal  
Ag 
g/t Au 
g/t Pb 
% Zn 
% AgEq  
g/t Ag 
Moz  Au 
Koz Pb 
Mlb Zn 
Mlb AgEq  
Moz  
Measured  324 24 0.07 0.34 0.63 57 247 745 2,413  4,473  598 
Indicated  329 18 0.04 0.28 0.58 48 190 416 2,045  4,215  506 
Measured + Indicated  653 21 0.06 0.31 0.60 53 437 1,161  4,458  8,687  1,104  
Inferred  116 12 0.02 0.16 0.35 30 45 86 418 906 111 
Notes: 1. AgEq  for sulphide mineral resources is calculated as Ag + (Au x 15.52) + (Pb x 32.15) + (Zn x 34.68); these factors are 
based on commodity prices of Ag - $24.00/oz, Au - $1,800/oz, Pb - $1.10/lb, Zn - $1.20/lb and assumed recoveries of Ag – 87%, 
Au – 18%, Pb – 89% and Zn – 88%. 2. The tabulated grades and metal contents are in situ estimates, and do not include factors such 
as external dilution, mining losses and process recovery losses. As such, these are mineral resources, not mineral reserves, and do 
not hav e demonstrated economic and technical viability. 3. The QP is not aware of any factors or issues that materially affect the 
development of the reported Mineral Resource other than normal risks faced by mining projects in Mexico in terms of metallurg ical, 
title, legal, environmental, permitting, taxation, s ocio-economic, and political factors. 4. The tabulated numbers have been rounded 
to reflect the level of precision appropriate for the estimates and may appear not to sum correctly due to rounding. 5. Mineral 
resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
 
Oxide Mineral Resource  
Oxide mineralization is situated above the oxide boundary, characterized by weathered material that exhibits distinct alterat ion 
mineralization. The depth of the oxide zone varies within the deposit, ranging from approximately 20 meters in the Pozo de Pl ata 
area to depths of up to 100 meters in specific areas within the South Corridor and the far northeast of the deposit. For the reporting 
of oxide mineralization, a net -smelter -return (NSR) reporting cut -off of $7.25 per tonne has been used. This cut -off va lue is 
determined based on the estimated costs associated with processing and G&A for blending oxide material into the standard flot ation 
process.  
Table 0-4: Oxide Mineral Resources for the Cordero Project, with an Effective Date of August 31, 2023, above an 
NSR Cut -off of $7.25/t and Within a Reporting Pit Shell  
Class  Tonnage  
Mt Grade  Contained Metal  
Ag 
g/t Au 
g/t Pb 
% Zn 
% AgEq  
g/t Ag 
Moz  Au 
Koz Pb 
Mlb Zn 
Mlb AgEq  
Moz  
Measured  29 29 0.07  0.23  0.27  49 27 67 148 171 45 
Indicated  37 24 0.06  0.25  0.29  44 28 74 207 241 53 - 50 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Measured + Indicated  66 26 0.07  0.24  0.28  46 55 142 355 412 99 
Inferred  32 19 0.03  0.26  0.33  42 20 35 188 234 43 
Notes: 1. AgEq  for sulphide mineral resources is calculated as Ag + (Au x 22.88) + (Pb x 19.71) + (Zn x 49.39); these factors are 
based on commodity prices of Ag - $24.00/oz, Au - $1,800/oz, Pb - $1.10/lb, Zn - $1.20/lb and assumed recoveries of Ag – 59%, 
Au – 18%, Pb – 37% and Zn – 85%. 2. The tabulated grades and metal contents are in situ estimates, and do not include factors such 
as external dilution, mining losses and process recovery losses. As such, these are mineral resources, not mineral reserves, and do 
not hav e demonstrated economic and technical viability. 3. The QP is not aware of any factors or issues that materially affect the 
development of the reported Mineral Resource other than normal risks faced by mining projects in Mexico in terms of metallurg ical, 
title, legal, environmental, permitting, taxation, s ocio-economic, and political factors. 4. The tabulated numbers have been rounded 
to reflect the level of precision appropriate for the estimates and may appear not to sum correctly due to rounding. 5. Mine ral 
resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
 
Mineral Reserve Estimate  
The mineral reserves for the Cordero project are based on the conversion of the Measured and Indicated mineral resources in t he 
study mine plan within the ultimate open pit limits. The level of information from drill holes and degree of certainty on assumptio ns 
used in the mine plan estimates provides reasonable support to classify Measured mineral resources as Proven reserves. Indica ted 
mineral resources are converted directly to Probable reserves. Inferred mineral resources were treated as waste. The estimate s assume 
conventional open pit mining and equipment.  
Mineral reserves estimates are based on metal prices of $20/oz silver, $0.95/lb lead, $1.20/lb zinc, and $1600/oz gold. The r eserves 
total is approximately 327 Mt of ore containing 0.72% Zn, 0. 41% Pb, 28.7 g/t Ag, and 0.08 g/t Au. Mineral Reserves for the  Cordero 
project are shown in metric units in Table 0-5. This estimate has an effective date of February 16, 2024.  
Table 0-5: Proven and Probable Mineral Reserve  
Reserve Class  Process 
Feed  
(Mt)  Grade  Contained Metal  
Ag (g/t)  Au (g/t)  Pb (%)  Zn (%)  Ag (Moz)  Au 
(Moz)  Pb (Blb)  Zn 
(Blb)  
Proven  223 30.0 0.089  0.42 0.73 214 0.64 2.04 3.57 
Probable  104 25.9 0.060  0.40 0.70 87 0.20 0.91 1.62 
Proven & Probable  327 28.7 0.080  0.41 0.72 302 0.84 2.96 5.18 
Note: This mineral reserve estimate has an effective date of February 16, 2024, and is based on the mineral resource estimate  dated 
August 31, 2023. The Mineral Reserve estimate was completed under the supervision of Willie Hamilton, P.Eng. of AGP Mining 
Consultants Inc., who is a Qualified Person as defined under NI 43 -101. Mineral Reserves are stated within the final pit designs 
based on a $20.00/oz silver price, $1,600/oz gold price, $0.95/lb lead price and $1.20/lb zinc price. An NSR cut -off of $10/t wa s 
used to define oxide and sulphide reserves. The life -of-mine mine operating cost averaged $2.35/t mined, while preliminary 
processing costs and G&A/closure costs were $7.28/t ore and $0.85/t ore processed respectively. Oxide and sulphide materials were 
incorporated in the mine schedule; however, oxide material was restricted to a maximum of 15% of the total mill feed to improv e 
the likelihood of saleable concentrates. For mine scheduling, metal recoveries were fixed for oxides and variable according t o head 
grades for sulphides as follows: 1. Oxide recoveries to zinc concentrates were 85%, 9% and 8% for zinc, silver, and gold respectively. 
2. Oxide recoveries to lead concentrates were 37%, 50% and 10% for lead, silver, and gold respectively. 3. Sulphide recoveries to 
zinc concentrate (for sulphide mill feed at the life -of-mine average grade) is approximately 95%, 14.3%, and 9.5% for zinc, silver, 
and gold, respectively. 4. Sulphide recoveries to lead concentrate (for sulphide mill feed at the life -of-mine a verage grade) is 
approximately 87.5%, 73.9%, and 12.6% for lead, silver, and gold respectively.  
The QP has not identified any known metallurgical, title, legal, title, taxation, socio -economic, marketing, political , environmental, 
or other risks that would materially affect the potential development of the mineral reserves.  Permitting risk would typically be 
considered low as this project would increase employment in this mining friendly region, however, this risk will need to be m onitored 
as the current government has made proposals to prohibit open pit mining.  - 51 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Mining Methods  
Overview  
The Cordero project will use open pit mining methods with truck and shovel equipment that has been proven in similar operatio ns. 
The major production unit operations will include drilling, blasting, loading, hauling, and dumping. These activities are planned to 
be completed with an owner/operator fleet. There is currently no plan to extend the mine operation using underground mining 
methods.  
Mining will occur on 10 -meter lifts with safety benches every 20 meters using the provided (by WSP) geotechnical parameters by 
sector for maximum slope angles. Haul roads are designed at 37 m wide to accommodate 190 -220 tonne class haul trucks. The mine 
fleet will be diesel powered.  
The mine plan is based on proven and probable mineral reserves only. The mill facility will produce both zinc and lead concen trates 
with contained payables for silver, gold, lead and zinc. The plant will primarily process sulphide minerals, but the process ing of 
high-grade oxides is included up to a maximum of 15% of the feed.  
Dilution was applied on a block -by-block basis taking into consideration the diluted material grade. This resulted in an increase in 
mill feed tonnage by 2.4%, and a 2.8% lower silver grade than the in -situ feed summary.  
Mining activity commences in advance  of the sulphide process plant achieving commercial production and includes the placement 
of material into stockpiles. The mine schedule plans to deliver 327 Mt of mill feed grading 28.7 g/t Ag, 0.08 g/t Au, 0.72% Z n and 
0.41% Pb over a mine life of 17 yea rs. Processed rock is comprised of 307 Mt of sulphide material and 20 Mt of oxide material. 
Oxides were included in the mill feed when they could displace lower value sulphides up to a maximum of 15% of the mill feed on 
a period basis. Of the life -of-mine mill feed ore tonnes, 5.1% were high -grade oxides and 19 Mt of oxide material remained in 
stockpiles at the end of processing due to the 15% blending limit. Waste tonnage totalling 696 Mt will be delivered to either  the 
tailings storage facility located east of the pit or the rock storage facilities adjacent to the pit. The overall strip ratio  is 2.2:1 delivered.  
Mine operating costs have been estimated from first principles using quotations from local mine equipment vendors plus local supply 
consumables.  
Pit Dewatering  
The available information indicates that the pit intersects groundwater in mine Year 2, and the inflow rates increase progres sively as 
the pit deepens year by year. The potential pit inflow rate into the proposed pit shell through the mine life was estimat ed using the 
analytical Jacob -Copper solution.  
Using the estimated base case pit inflow rates, a pit dewatering strategy was developed to meet the pit dewatering requiremen ts. The 
pit dewatering strategy consists of vertical wells along the pit perimeter and in -pit wells (targeting permeable hydrogeolo gic units 
and features), in addition to the supplemental measures (including precipitation runoff collection sump, and sub -horizontal drains) 
when necessary.  
Recovery Methods  
The process plant design incorporates a staged expansion approach that allows throughput to be increased, variable feed grade s to 
be accommodated, and capital to be deployed efficiently over the life of mine. The selected flowsheet includes a single stage  crushing 
circuit (i.e. gyratory crusher) with crushed product reporting to the crushed ore stockpile. Ore will be reclaimed to the gri nding 
circuit, which consists of a SAG mill and a ball mill operating in closed circuit with a cyclone cluster.  
Cyclone overflow will report to a carbon pre -flotation circuit before feeding a two -stage rougher flotation circuit. Lead and silver 
minerals will report to the concentrate of the first stage, while zinc minerals report to the concentrate of the second sta ge via the 
tailings of the first stage. Lead -silver and zinc rougher concentrates will report to dedicated regrind circuits for further size reduction. 
The reground materials will then be treated in dedicated cleaner flotation circuits to produce final lea d-silver and zinc concentrates 
of requisite quality.  
The concentrates will report to dedicated dewatering circuits that include high -rate thickeners and vertical plate -and-frame filter 
presses. For the lead -silver concentrate, the dewatering circuit also includes a dryer to deal with potential concentrate mo isture issues - 52 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
when processing oxide blends. The resulting filter cakes and dried concentrates will be handled by front -end loader(s) for stockpiling 
and loadout activities. Tailings from the process will be thickened in a high -rate thickener and pumped overland to the t ailings 
management facility.  
The staged expansion of the process plant over the mine life as designed is presented below:  
• Phase 1 (Year 1 to 3) – The process plant will be operated at an average nominal throughput of 25.5 kt/d, and is designed 
to account for variable ore hardness.  
• Phase 2 (Year 4 to 6) – The plant will be expanded to process material at an average nominal throughput of 51.0 kt/d, and 
is designed to account for variable ore hardness.  
• Phase 3 (Year 7+) – The zinc cleaning and concentrate dewatering circuits will be expanded to process higher zinc grades 
in the feed material at the average nominal throughput of 51.0 kt/d.  
A summary of the design process operating availabilities are as follows:  
• primary crushing availability of 75%  
• grinding and flotation availability of 91.3%  
• concentrate filtration availability of 82.2%  
The process flowsheet is depicted in Figure 0-2, with Phase 1 equipment shown in black, and Phases 2 and 3 equipment shown in 
greyscale or indicated by comments.  - 53 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Figure 0-2: Process Flowsheet  
 
Source: Ausenco, 2023.  
 
- 54 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form   
 
Project Infrastructure  
Infrastructure to support the Cordero project will consist of site civil work, site facilities/buildings, on -site roads, a water management 
system, and site electrical power. Site facilities will include both mine facilities and process facilities, as foll ows:  
• mine administration offices, truckshop, explosives storage, fuel storage and distribution, ore stockpiles, waste stockpiles, 
and truck wash  
• process facilities including the process plant, crushing facilities, process plant workshop, assay laboratory, freshwater 
infrastructure, and tailings pipelines  
• tailings storage facility (TSF)  
• general facilities include a gatehouse, administration building, communications, switchyard, and weigh scale  
• catchments, ponds, and other site water management infrastructure.  
An overall site layout is provided in Figure 0-3. 
The site can be accessed by a series of unpaved roads from federal Highway 24, approximately 1.3 km to the west -southwest. The 
existing access road will be upgraded including widening, installation of culverts as well as grading of corners to ensure su itability 
for daily operational traffic.  
The roads within the process plant area will be generally 6 m wide, integrated with process plant pad earthworks, and designe d with 
adequate drainage. The roads will allow access between the administration building, warehouses, mill building, crushing buil dings, 
stockpile, mining truck shop, and the top of the mill feed stockpile.  
The typical method of clearing, topsoil removal, and excavation will be employed, incorporating drains, safety bunds and back filling 
with granular material and aggregates for road structure. The entrance to the process and mine site will be via the gatehou se on the 
mine access road. Additionally, an existing secondary unpaved public road that follows the existing power transmission corrid or 
crossing the southeast corner of the claim block can be used as an alternative access/exit road.  
Material from the pit will be diverted to four main destinations depending on the grade and material type. The barren strippi ng 
material will be sent to either the waste rock storage facilities or the TSF dam for construction, while the mineralized oxid es and 
sulphides will be sent to either the mill or two separate main stockpiles areas, primarily for low -grade sulphides and oxides. Each 
stockpile will have a capacity of approximately 42 Mt. All mill feed is currently envisioned to be hauled from the pit r im by 190 -
tonne trucks.  
Waste rock storage facilities are planned for waste material from the open pit. Two locations were selected for waste rock st orage: 
one south of the ultimate pit limits (WRF01) and one on the northwest side of the pit (WRF02). In general, design considerat ions 
assumed an overall reclaimed slope of 18 degrees and a swell density of 2.0 t/m3. Total waste rock capacity is approximately 530 
Mt. 
The mining infrastructure includes haul roads from the pit to the different areas on site, explosive facility, truckshop and truck 
washbay, mine warehouse, office, and workshop.  - 55 - 
 
 Figure 0-3: Overall Site Layout  
 
Source: Ausenco, 2023.  
- 56 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
The plant site consists of the necessary infrastructure to support the processing operations. All infrastructure buildings 
and structures will be built and constructed to all applicable codes and regulations. Due to the warm weather 
conditions, no closed b uildings will be required to cover the process plant. The project site will include administration 
building, plant maintenance shop and warehouse, and other buildings.  
A major power transmission corridor crosses the southeast corner of the claim block approximately 1.5 km from the 
proposed pit. The existing transmission lines in this corridor do not have sufficient capacity to supply the planned 
operation according to Comisión Federal de Electricidad ( CFE), the national power authority. However, additional 
lines can be built from the Camargo II substation near Santa Rosalia de Camargo, approximately 75 km to the 
northeast, utilizing the same corridor.  
CFE provided a study regarding the construction of a new 230 kV power transmission line to the Cordero mine site. 
The proposal included 75 km of new towers and a conductor, as well as a new 230 kV feeder at the Camargo II 
substation. Since then, an updated power impact a ssessment and installation reports have been received from 
CENACE (the national power authority since 2015), and the findings have been incorporated into the FS study.  
The outdoor substation is phased into two stages based on power demand. In Phase 1, two 40/53.3 MVA, 230 kV/ 
13.8 kV oil -filled power transformers will be installed, each capable of supplying the plant’s maximum demand of 46 
MW. The transformers will be co nnected to a 13.8 kV switchgear with a normally open bus tie. When one transformer 
is out of service, the power system configuration will allow the other to support the total process load, thus enhancing 
system reliability.  
The plant will be expanded in Phase 2 with the installation of two 37.5/50 MVA transformers and another 13.8 kV 
switchgear in a similar arrangement to supply the additional loads totalling a maximum demand of 87 MW. The 
substation will also include four ba nks of power factor correction equipment, each rated at 4 MVAR.  
The project lies within the Valle de Zaragoza aquifer, as designated by the National Water Commission (CONAGUA). 
This aquifer system is in an unrestricted zone and not subject to a ban on groundwater extraction. The mine site is 
located approximately 2 km north of the Arroyo San Juan, an intermittent stream flowing through alluvial materials, 
which will be the potential source of water.  
Waste disposal for the Cordero project includes waste rock storage facilities (WRF) and the TSF. The TSF (by WSP) 
is designed to handle the average throughput of 25.5 kt/d in Years 1 through 4 before throughput expansion for Phase 
2 at an average of 51.0 k t/d for the balance of mine operations. The TSF was sized to store approximately 367 Mt of 
tailings along with the inflow design flood (IDF) and additional freeboard. The selected TSF location is southeast of 
the open pit in an area of gently rolling hills  at natural elevations between 1,500 and 1,600 meters above sea level 
(masl). The TSF site is underlain by thin to sparse alluvium and residual soils over a bedrock foundation of Cretaceous 
Mezcalera Formation marine limestone. Water from the TSF is reclai med and used in the process plant.  
The excavation quantities for diversion ditches, diversion channels, collection ditches and ponds, and the site -wide 
water balance model is further discussed in Section 18.9.2 of this report.  
Hydrogeological investigations have  identified two wellfields, to the southwest and to the north of the open pit. 
Hydraulic testing conducted during borehole drilling suggests the wellfields have a combined potential to provide 
nearly 1,000,000  m3/a of groundwater.  
Market Studies and Contracts  
Discovery Silver retained an external consultant for a review of the treatment costs (TC), refining costs (RC) and 
transport costs and metal payables (including penalty scales). The market terms for this study are based on the terms 
proposed by the Exen Co nsulting Services as well as recently published terms from other similar studies. There are 
no existing refining agreements, smelting, transportation, handling or sales contract in place for the project. Likewise 
there are no contract commitments to execut e the project – these commitments will be made post receipt of permits 
and finalization of project financing by the company.  
The metal payables as stated in Table 0-6 are used in this study. A summary of the treatment and refining costs is 
shown in Table 0-7. All amounts are in US dollars.  
The estimated transportation costs (trucking, port handling and ocean freight) are $176/wmt for Pb -Ag concentrate 
and $135/wmt for Zn concentrate. Transportation costs assume trucking of the concentrate via bulk trucks or 
containers to the international po rt at Guaymas, Sonora, or Manzanillo, Colima, and then shipping via ocean freight - 57 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
to international destinations such as Korea, Japan, China, and Europe. However, there may be opportunities to sell a 
significant portion of the produced concentrate to domestic smelters.  
Table 0-6: Metal Payables  
Metal  Unit  Zn Concentrate  Pb Concentrate  
Zinc % 85 - 
  less Deductible  units  8.0 - 
Lead  % - 95 
  less Deductible  units  - 3.0 
Silver  % 70 95 
  less Deductible  g/dmt  93.3 50.0 
Gold  % 70 95 
  less Deductible  g/dmt  1.0 1.0 
Table 0-7: Summary of Treatment Charges and Refining Costs  
Metal  Concentrate 
Grade   Treatment 
Charges   
($/wmt)  Refining 
Charges   
($/payable 
lb 
or oz)  Concentrate Loading Port  Ocean Shipment Mode  
Zn 
Concentrate  Pb 
Concentrate  Zn 
Concentrate  Pb 
Concentrate  
Zinc 51% $200.00  $0.00  Guaymas  -  Bulk  -  
Lead  52% $120.00  $0.00  -  Manzanillo  -  Container/Bulk  
Silver   - -  $1.00  -  -  -  - 
Gold   -  - $10.00   - -  -  -  
The metal prices presented in Table 0-7 were used for financial modelling for this technical report.  
Environmental, Permitting and Social Considerations  
On May 8, 2023, several amendments to laws concerning the mining industry, commonly referred to in the media as 
the "Structural Reform of the Mining Industry" (the "Mining Reform"), were published in the Official Federal Gazette. 
The Mining Reform imposes tighter regulations on the mining industry through amendments to the Mining Law (Ley 
Minera), the National Water Law (Ley de Aguas Nacionales), the General Law for Ecological Balance and 
Environmental Protection (Ley General de Equilibrio Ecológico y Prote cción al Ambiente) ("LGEEPA"), and the 
General Law for the Prevention and Integral Management of Waste (Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral 
de los Residuos) ("LGPGIR").  
Amendments include the program for the restoration, closure, and post -closure of mines. The amendment creates the 
program for the restoration, closure, and post -closure of mines. This program is to be submitted to the Ministry of the 
Environment and Natura l Resources (Secretaría de Medio Ambiembte y Recursos Naturales), with the purpose of 
establishing a program to remove deposits from areas subject to mining concessions that affect or may affect the 
ecosystem or that may contribute to environmental contami nation.  
The amendment prohibits the granting of authorizations for mining activities in certain areas, including protected 
natural areas. The amendment for Mining and metallurgical wastes responsibilities establishes that mining and 
metallurgical wastes are the pe rmanent responsibility of the holder of the mining concession. The amendment also 
sets forth restrictions for the location of deposits or final disposal sites.  
In addition, the amendments create a social impact assessment process to be executed once a favorable ruling is 
obtained after the bidding process. They also create a process requiring prior, free, and informed consultation with 
indigenous and Afro -Mexican  people and communities to be carried out by the Ministry of Economy, with the cost to 
be covered by the winner of the bid.  - 58 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Other key developments introduced by the Mining Reform include revised and expanded indigenous and public 
consultation rules and processes. Additional economic and administrative obligations to concession holders. Among 
others, concession holders are requi red to pay at least five percent of net profits to adjacent / affected indigenous 
communities. Water for human and domestic use is now expressly considered a priority. Accordingly, even if a water 
concession has been granted for mining activities, the volu me of water subject to the concession may be reduced (and 
/ or the concession canceled) in order to guarantee access to water for human / domestic use in case the government 
so determines. Further, water and mining concession holders are required to "recyc le" at least 60 percent of the water 
used under the concession.  
Until all amendments will be approved by The Federal Executive, the environmental considerations identified for the 
Cordero project to fulfill actual requirements are summarized below:  
Groundwater quantity and quality may be impacted by the Cordero project. Fecal coliforms, total coliforms, turbidity, 
arsenic and iron presently exceed the maximum permissible limits of the Mexican regulatory guidelines in 
groundwater. Herbicides and pesti cides, total trihalomethanes and BTEX present in low concentrations. The 
groundwater includes bicarbonated -calcium and bicarbonated -sodium -calcium types (IDEAS, 2022a).  
One critical zone related to noise pollution was found in the project site corresponding to an area close to a 
motogenerator.  
Eighteen species of mammals, forty -five species of birds, and eight species of reptiles were identified in the Cordero 
biodiversity monitoring study area. In total seventy -one species of vertebrates belonging to thirty -nine families. One 
species is include d in Category A -endangered, and two species are category Pr-threatened  of the NOM -059-
SEMARNAT -2010. Five species are classified as APII (may become in extinction) of the CITES. A rescue and 
monitoring plan should be prepared by Cordero to conserve and rec over endangered and threatened species.  
A total of 115 species of vascular plants have been reported for the Cordero project area. One of the species identified 
is included in Category A -endangered of the NOM -059-SEMARNAT -2010. Thirty species are identified as APII - 
may become in extinction of t he CITES, and twenty -seven identified in the Red List of threatened Species as Least 
Concern. A rescue and monitoring plan should be prepared by Cordero to conserve and recover endangered and 
threatened species and a biodiversity management plan to demonst rate that no impact on nature will take place in 
views of the new amendment for “Protected Natural Areas” to conserve biodiversity.  
A Gap Analysis against Equator Principles and IFC Performance Standards was prepared by ERM in January 2023. 
The intention was to give a reasonable expectation of development of the resource.  
Closure and Reclamation Considerations  
The new provisions, modifications, and additions, as outlined in the Decree include to prepare and provide to the 
competent authorities a restoration, closure, and post -closure programs for mines and, a mine closure program and 
insurance policy, letter of credit, deposit with the Treasury of the Federation (Tesorería de la Federación), or trust, to 
guarantee to the population living in the areas where mining activities are performed that the necessary resources will 
be available to cover the possible damage s caused by such activities.  
A formal Closure and Reclamation Plan has been prepared for the Cordero project by Ausenco (Waste Rock, Pit and 
Landfill) and WSP (TSF) as it was required by the Mexican Regulatory Agency SEMARNAT to be added to the EIA 
for its approval. Both Closure Plans  were being finalized at the time of the preparation of this report and therefore not 
included.  
Permitting Considerations  
Three permits have been obtained: NOM 120 SEMARNAT 2020, Company Registration in Social Security (IMSS) 
and Community Protection. Registration of Hazardous Waste Management has been presented and Waste 
Management Plans (Hazardous and Mining) are in process . The EIA has been submitted by CIMA Consultores to the 
authorities for its approval.  
Social Considerations  
The area of socioeconomic influence (where workforce would be sourced) of the project is 95% concentrated in the 
municipality of Hidalgo del Parral, the rest is in the municipality of Valle de Zaragoza. The exploration and access - 59 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
activities for the Cordero project are in the municipality of Hidalgo del Parral, which would be the main source of 
demand for employment.  
Clinics and hospitals are in Hidalgo de Parral, but it is necessary to be employed by a company or the government to 
access official medical care. Due to the nature of employment activities in the area of influence, more than half of the 
inhabitants do not  have access to official healthcare. Cordero project will not only provide employment, but access to 
health services as well.  
More than 80% of inhabitants own a house; the rest live in rental accommodations or in a house owned by relatives.  
More than 51% of the population do not have access to clean drinking water; there is not enough infrastructure to 
provide this utility. Street lighting and drainage services are also inadequate in the area.  
Capital and Operating Costs  
Capital Cost Estimate  
The capital cost estimate was developed in Q3 2023 US dollars based on budgetary quotations for equipment and 
construction contracts, as well as Ausenco’s in -house database of projects and studies including experience from 
similar operations.  
The estimate includes mining, processing, onsite infrastructure, tailings and waste rock facilities, offsite infrastructure, 
project indirect costs, project delivery, owners’ costs, and contingency.  
The following parameters and qualifications were considered:  
No allowance has been made for exchange rate fluctuations.  
There is no escalation added to the estimate.  
A growth allowance was included.  
Data for the estimates have been obtained from numerous sources, including:  
mine schedules;  
FS-level engineering design by Ausenco, AGP, WSP and Cenace;  
Scoping level estimate for the Parrel Water Treatment Plant by M3;  
topographical information obtained from the site survey;  
geotechnical investigations;  
budgetary equipment quotes from suppliers based in the Mexico and North America;  
budgetary unit costs from several local contractors for civil, concrete, steel, electrical, piping, and mechanical works; 
and 
data from similar recently completed studies and projects.  
Major cost categories (permanent equipment, material purchase, installation, subcontracts, indirect costs, and Owner’s 
costs) were identified and analysed. A contingency was applied in the cost estimate and was based on ranging the 
accuracy of the data by discipline and WBS level 3 and applying a probabilistic method (Monte Carlo Simulation). 
An overall contingency amount was derived in this fashion.  
The capital cost summary is presented in Table 0-8. The total initial capital cost (Phase 1) for the Cordero project is 
$606 million; the Phase 2 (Year 4) expansion capital cost is $292 million; the Phase 3 (Year 7) expansion capital cost 
is $17 million; and LOM sustaining costs are $463 million inclusive  of closure costs (net value $75 million).  - 60 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Table 0-8: Summary of Capital Costs by WBS  
WBS Description  WBS  Initial 
Capital Cost  
($M)  Expansion Capital Cost  
($M)  Sustaining 
Capital Cost 
($M)  Total Cost  
($M)  
Phase 1  Phase 2  
Y4 Phase 3  
Y7 LOM  
Mining  1000  117 2 0.0 110 229 
On-Site 
Infrastructure  2000  44 14 - - 58 
Crushing  3000  28 2 0.0 - 30 
Process Plant  4000  183 136 10 - 329 
Tailings Facility  5000  28 60 - 221 310 
Off-Site 
Infrastructure  6000  57 - - 16 73 
Total Directs   457 213 11 347 1,028 
Project Indirects  7000  73 40 4 11 128 
Owner's Costs  8000  11 4 - - 14 
Contingency  9000  65 35 2 31 133 
Closure Costs   - - - 75 75 
Total Indirects   149 79 6 116 350 
Project Total   606 292 17 463 1,377  
Note: Values may not sum due to rounding. Expansion capital has been split in this FS. Sum of values align with those 
presented in the press release dated 20th February 2024.  
Operating Cost Estimate  
The operating cost estimate was developed in Q4 2023 dollars based on budgetary quotes for equipment and 
consumable rates, a unit rate for power and a survey of local labour salaries provided by Discovery silver, and 
Ausenco’s in -house database of projects  and studies from similar projects.  
The average yearly operating cost for the project varies as the project considers a variable annual mining rate and 
undergoes multiple phases with different nominal production rates and mineralized material types.  
In this technical report, the plant design and cost estimates have been considered in three phases as per the description 
provided in Section 17. However, operating costs may at times be grouped in two phases, where Phase 1 considers 
Years 1 -4 and Phase 2 considers Year 5+ to account for the ramp -up period of the process plant during the expansion 
from an average nominal throughout of 25.5 kt/d to 51.0 kt/d. The values presented in Table 0-10 using the three -
phase approach are presented again in Table 0-9 for the two -phase approach.  
Table 0-9: Operating Cost Summary – Two Phase Approach  
Parameter  Units  Cost  
Operating Costs  $M $M/a  
Mining  $/t mined  2.35 
Mining  $/t milled  7.35 
Processing – Milling (Phase 1)  $/t milled  6.56 
Processing – Milling (Phase 2)  $/t milled  6.24 
Site G&A (Phase 1)  $/t milled  0.97 
Site G&A (Phase 2)  $/t milled  0.54 
Table 0-10 provides a summary of the operating costs for three phases, expressed in both $M/a and $/t milled.  
Table 0-10: Operating Cost Summary  – Three Phase Approach  
Year  LOM  1-3 4-6 7+ LOM  1-3 4-6 7+ 
Operating Costs  $M $M/a  $M/a  $M/a  $/t $/t $/t $/t - 61 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Mining  2,406  148 150 115 7.35 16.09  8.26 6.16 
Processing  2,055  63 113 115 6.28 6.83 6.20 6.24 
Site G&A  192 10 10 10 0.59 1.11 0.55 0.54 
Total  4,654  222 274 240 14.23  24.03  15.01  12.94  
Economic Analysis  
The economic analysis was performed assuming a 5% discount rate. Cash flows have been discounted to the start of 
construction, assuming that the project execution decision will be taken, and major project financing will be carried 
out at this time.  
The pre -tax NPV discounted at 5% is $1,980 million; the IRR is 29.4%, and payback period is 4.1 years. On a post -
tax basis, the NPV discounted at 5% is $1,177 million; the IRR is 22.0%; and the payback period is 5.2 years.  
A summary of the post -tax project cash flow is shown graphically in Figure 0-4 and listed in Table 0-11. 
Figure 0-4: Life of Mine Post -Tax-Free Cash Flow  
 
Source: Ausenco, 2024.  
- 62 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Table 0-11: Economic Analysis Summary  
Description  Unit  Life-of-Mine Total / Average  
General Assumptions    
Silver Price  $/oz $22.00  
Gold Price  $/oz 1,600  
Lead Price  $/lb 1.00 
Zinc Price  $/lb 1.20 
Discount Rate  % 5.0 
Production      
Total Payable Silver  koz 230,229  
Total Payable Gold  koz 86 
Total Payable Lead  Mlb 2,427  
Total Payable Zinc  Mlb 3,733  
Total Payable Silver Equivalent  koz 550,390  
Operating Costs      
Mining Cost  $/t mined  2.35 
Mining Cost  $/t milled  7.35 
Processing Cost  $/t milled  6.28 
Site G&A Costs  $/t milled  0.59 
Cash Costs and All -in Sustaining Costs (Co -Product Basis)      
Operating Cash Cost1 $/oz AgEq   8.46  
Total Cash Cost2 $/oz AgEq   12.83  
All-in Sustaining Cost3 $/oz AgEq   13.47  
Capital Expenditures      
Initial Capital  $M 606 
Expansion Capital  $M 309 
Sustaining Capital  $M 388 
Closure Costs  $M 137 
Salvage Value  $M (62) 
Economics     
Pre-tax NPV @ 5%  $M 1,980  
Pre-tax IRR  % 29.4 
Pre-tax Payback  years  4.1 
Post-tax NPV @ 5%  $M 1,177  
Post-tax IRR  % 22.0 
Post-tax Payback  years  5.2 
Notes: 1. Operating cash costs consist of mining costs, processing costs, site -level G&A. 2. Total cash costs consist 
of operating cash costs plus transportation cost, royalties, treatment, and refining charges. 3. AISC is calculated as: 
[Operating costs (mining, processing and G&A) + Royalties + Concentrate Transportation + Treatment & Refining 
Charges + Concentrate Penalties + Sustaining Capital (excluding $37M of capex for the initial purchase of mining 
fleet in Year 1)] / Payable AgEq ounces.  Source: Ausenco, 2024.  
A sensitivity analysis was conducted on the base case post -tax NPV and IRR of the project using the following 
variables: discount rate, head grade, total operating cost, total capital cost, silver, gold, zinc, and lead prices, which 
were encompassed in a s ingle variable, metal prices.  
Table  0-12 summarizes the post -tax sensitivity analysis results.  
 - 63 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Table 0-12: Post-Tax Sensitivity Summary  
Metal Prices  Post-Tax NPV (5%) ($M)  Total Capital Cost  Total Operating Cost  Head Grade  
Base Case  (-10%)  (+10%)  (-10%)  (+10%)  (-10%)  (+10%)  
-20% 230 338 122 415 41 (107)  564 
-10% 707 814 599 888 524 328 1,087  
-- 1,177  1,285  1,069  1,358  996 751 1,609  
10% 1,647  1,755  1,539  1,828  1,466  1,170  2,130  
20% 2,117  2,224  2,009  2,297  1,936  1,589  2,652  
Metal Prices   Post-Tax IRR (%)  Total Capital Cost  Total Operating Cost  Head Grade  
Base Case  (-10%)  (+10%)  (-10%)  (+10%)  (-10%)  (+10%)  
-20% 9.2 11.5 7.1 12.1 5.8 2.8 14.2 
-10% 16.1 18.8 13.9 18.5 13.6 10.7 20.9 
-- 22.0 24.9 19.4 24.1 19.8 16.7 26.8 
10% 27.2 30.5 24.4 29.2 25.2 21.8 32.3 
20% 32.1 35.7 29.0 34.0 30.1 26.5 37.4 
Source: Ausenco, 2024.  
Adjacent Properties  
The QP, has reviewed the claim status on adjacent properties and can find no active mining claims adjacent to the 
Cordero property. As noted in Section 6, a review of adjacent mining claims conducted by Levon in 2009 led to 
reclaiming mineral concessions t hat had been dropped earlier by Valley High Ventures Ltd. In 2013, Levon acquired 
the last remaining inlying mineral concession.  
The Cordero project lies in a region that has been a major producer of silver for centuries and continues to host several 
producing mines.  
Interpretation and Conclusions  
Information from legal experts and Discovery Silver’s in -house experts support that the tenure held is valid and 
sufficient to support a declaration of Mineral Resources and Reserves.  
The exploration programs completed to date are appropriate for the style of the deposits in the Cordero Project area.  
Sampling methods are acceptable for Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve estimation. The Mineral Reserve and 
Mineral Resource estimations for the Cordero Project both conform to industry -accepted practices.  
Mining activity commences in advance  of the sulphide process plant achieving commercial production and includes 
the placement of material into stockpiles. The mine schedule plans to deliver 327 Mt of mill feed grading 28.7 g/t Ag, 
0.08 g/t Au, 0.72% Zn and 0.41% Pb over a mine life of 17 yea rs. Waste tonnage totalling 696 Mt will be delivered 
to either the tailings storage facility located east of the pit or the rock storage facilities adjacent to the pit.  
The process plant flowsheet designs were based on testwork results and industry -standard practices. The flowsheet 
was developed for optimum recovery while minimizing capital expenditure and life of mine operating costs. The 
process methods are conventional  to the industry. The comminution and recovery processes are widely used with no 
significant elements of technological innovation.  
Based on the assumptions and parameters presented in this report, the Cordero Feasibility Study shows positive 
economics (i.e.,  $1,177 million post -tax NPV (5%) and 22.0% post -tax IRR). The feasibility study supports a decision 
to carry out additional detailed studies.  
Discovery Silver’s mineral exploration activities are subject to various laws governing prospecting, development, 
production, taxes, labour standards and occupational health, mine safety, toxic substances, land use, water use, land 
claims of local and indi genous people and other matters. No assurance can be given that new rules and regulations - 64 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
will not be enacted or that existing rules and regulations will not be applied in a manner which could limit or curtail 
exploration, production or development. Amendments to current laws and regulations governing operations and 
activities of mining and mil ling or more stringent implementation thereof could have a material adverse impact on the 
operations and financial position of Discovery Silver. In addition, as governments continue to struggle with deficits 
and concerns over the effects of depressed econo mies, the mining and metals sector has been targeted to raise revenue. 
Governments are continually assessing the fiscal terms of the economic rent for a mining company to exploit resources 
in their countries. The occurrence of election cycles and subsequen t changeover of governments and personnel and 
mining regime changes adds uncertainties that cannot be accurately predicted and any future adverse changes in 
government policies or legislation in the jurisdictions in which Discovery Silver operates that aff ect foreign ownership, 
mineral exploration, development or mining activities, may affect the Discovery Silver’s viability and profitability.  
Recommendations  
Discovery Silver are awaiting a permitting decision (EIA) from Semarnat. The following recommendations are 
suggested to further derisk the project by progressing key areas such as exploration, mining, hydrogeology, 
infrastructure and environmental and perm itting considerations. Discovery Silver intend to make a decision on FEED 
design after completion of the feasibility study in line with permitting timeline, which will further define the project 
and confirm costing and will be the starting point of the EPC M. EPCM will commence when the company will make 
a construction decision, which will follow receipt of permitting and finalization of financing process. Table below 
summarizes recommended work after Feasibility Study and before a construction decision is m ade. 
Table 0-13: Phase 1 Recommended Work Program  
Program Component  Estimated Total Cost ($M)  
Exploration  0.8 
Metallurgical Testwork  0.1 
Mine Engineering  0.3 
Mine Plan  0.1 
Hydrogeology  0.2 
Groundwater Development Work Plan  3.3 
Tailings Storage Facility  1.6 
Site Wide Water Balance  0.5 
Environmental Studies, Permitting and Social Considerations  0.5 
Total  7.4 
 
 
For additional information with respect to the Cordero Project and the business of the Corporation, readers are referred 
to the Cordero Technical Report , incorporated by reference herein, and available electronically under the 
Corporation’s issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . 
THE PORCUPINE COMPLEX  
As of the date of this AIF, the most recent NI 43 -101 technical report on the Porcupine Complex is the Porcupine 
Technical Report: the “ Porcupine Complex, Ontario, Canada, Technical Report on Preliminary Economic Assessment ”, with 
an effective date of  January 13, 2025 and a report date of January 28, 2025, addressed to the Corporation and authored 
by Qualified Persons Eric Kallio, P. Geo., Pierre Rocque, P. Eng., of Rocque Engineering Inc. and Dr. Ryan Barnett, 
P. Geo., of Resource Modeling Solutions Ltd. The Porcupine Technical Report was filed with Canadian securities 
regulatory authorities on the Corporation’s issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . 
The Porcupine Technical Report is incorporated into this AIF by reference. The following is the executive summary 
extracted from the Porcupine Technical Report. The following summary includes certain table and section references 
to the Porcupine Technical Report as well as certain defined terms that are defined in the Porcupine Technical Report. 
The information contained in this summary has been derived from the Porcupine Technical Report, is subject to certain - 65 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
assumptions, qualifications, and procedures described in the Porcupine Technical Report, and is qualified in its entirety 
by the full text of the Porcupine Technical Report.  
Executive Summary  
Introduction  
 
Mr. Eric Kallio, P.Geo ., Mr. Pierre Rocque, P.Eng., and Dr. Ryan Barnett, P.Geo., collectively the Qualified Persons 
(QPs), prepared a technical report as set out in National Instrument (NI 43 -101) and Form 43 -101F1 Technical Report 
(the Report) on the Porcupine Complex (the Pr oject) for Discovery Silver Corporation (Discovery Silver).  
The Porcupine Complex includes operating mines at Borden, Hoyle Pond, and Pamour. The Hollinger open pit is 
suspended, and is considered to be mined out for the purposes of this Report. All mineralization from the operating 
mines is treated at the Dome pro cess plant, including mineralization from Borden, which is trucked 190 km to the 
Dome plant.  
This Report provides Mineral Resource estimates for the Borden, Dome, Hoyle Pond, and Pamour deposits. It also 
includes a preliminary economic assessment (the 2024 PEA) based on the Mineral Resource estimates for the Borden, 
Hoyle Pond and Pamour deposits.   
Key Outcomes  
 
• Mineral resource estimate: Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources totalling 69.7 Mt grading 1.76 g/t Au 
(approximately 3,932 koz); Inferred Mineral Resources totalling 254 Mt grading 1.53 g/t Au (approximately 
12,500 koz; estimated for Borden, Dome, Hoyl e Pond and Pamour;  
 
• The 2024 PEA mine plan: based on a sub -set of the Mineral Resources estimates for Borden, Hoyle Pond, 
and Pamour, and assumes a 22 -year mine life, with 10 years of production (2025 –2035) from Hoyle Pond, 
eight years of production (2025 –2033) from Borden, a nd 21 years of production (2025 –2046) from open pit 
operations at Pamour; stockpiled material generated during mining of Pamour will be reclaimed for an 
additional year of milling at the Dome process plant (2047).  
 
• Capital cost estimate: mining costs over the proposed life -of-mine (LOM) total US$868 M, comprising 
US$147 M for Borden, US$175 M for Hoyle Pond, and US$546 M for Pamour. Process capital costs total 
US$642 M and site general sustaining capital are US$61 M over the LOM. The exploration capital costs are 
US$93 M. Closure costs are estimated at US$722 M. The LOM capital costs, inclusive of closure and 
reclamation, total US$2,385 M;  
 
• Operating cost estimate: mine operating cost estimates include an average of US$126/t processed at Borden, 
US$291/t processed for Hoyle Pond and US$18.90/t processed for Pamour. Process costs include an 
allocation of US$8.93/t processed across all operatio ns (fixed costs) in addition to a variable process cost of 
US$7.33/t processed for Borden, US$7.33/t processed for Hoyle Pond, and US$6.79/t processed for Pamour. 
All operating costs related to infrastructure are allocated to either the process plant or ea ch mining operation. 
Total general and administrative costs are estimated at US$770 M. The G&A unit cost averages 
approximately US$8.09/t processed. Overall, LOM mining costs total US$2,915 M, LOM process costs total 
US$1,507 M, and LOM general and adminis trative costs US$771 M, for a total LOM estimate of US$5,192 
M; 
 
• Economic analysis: reported on a 100% project ownership basis. Project acquisition costs are considered to 
be corporate Discovery Silver costs and are not included in the financial evaluation. A royalty anticipated as 
part of financing of acquisition is in cluded in the Project economics. The Project valuation date basis was 
January 1, 2025. A discount rate of 5% was used. A reverting price curve was used for the gold price, based 
on Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) consensus forecasts, resulting in  a long -term gold price 
assumption for 2028 and beyond of US$2,150/oz Au. The economic analysis includes provision for the 
Canadian corporate income tax (Federal and Ontario Income Tax), which consists of a combined 25% income 
tax, and the Ontario Mining T ax, applied at 10% on production earnings before interest, taxes, and corporate 
overhead costs. Forecast tax payments over the 2024 PEA LOM are estimated at US$947 M. The after -tax - 66 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Project NPV is US$1,239 M. The economic analysis does not entail initial capital investment prior to the 
start of production and of cashflow and so there is no internal rate of return or project payback period relevant 
to the economic analysis presented;  
 
• The sensitivity of the Project NPV to changes in head grades, gold price, metallurgical recoveries, capital 
costs and operating cost assumptions was tested using a range of up to 23% above and below the base case 
values. The Project is most sensitive to ch anges in metal price, closely followed by head grade. Changes in 
metal prices approximately mirror changes in the gold grade and metallurgical recovery. The Project is less 
sensitive to variations in operating costs, and least sensitive to capital cost cha nges;  
 
• The 2024 PEA is preliminary in nature and includes Inferred Mineral Resources that are too speculative 
geologically to have economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as 
Mineral Reserves, and there is no certainty that  the preliminary economic assessment will be realized.  
 
Terms of Reference  
 
The Report was prepared to support disclosures in Discovery Silver's press release dated January 27, 2025, titled 
"Discovery Announces Transformational Acquisition of Newmont's Porcupine Complex".  
The term "Project" and "Porcupine Complex" is used in reference to the overall mineral tenure holdings and includes 
the areas with Mineral Resource estimates and the sub -set of those estimates in the 2024 PEA. The term "Timmins 
area" refers to the deposits , including Dome, Hoyle Pond and Pamour, and the surrounding mineral tenure in the area 
of the township of Timmins. The "Borden area" is used to refer to the Borden deposit and surrounding mineral tenure.  
Mineral Resources are classified using the 2014 edition of the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (CIM) 
Definition Standards for Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (the 2014 CIM Definition Standards).  
Units used in the Report are metric units unless otherwise noted. Ounces are in Troy ounces. Monetary units are in 
United States (US) dollars (US$) unless otherwise stated. The Report used Canadian English.  
Ownership  
 
The Porcupine Complex tenure and operations are currently owned by Goldcorp Canada Ltd., (Goldcorp Canada), a 
wholly -owned subsidiary of Newmont Corp. (Newmont).  
On January 27, 2025, Discovery Silver and Goldcorp Canada entered into a definitive agreement whereby Discovery 
Silver agreed to acquire the Porcupine Complex by paying US$200 million in cash and US$75 M in Discovery Silver 
shares at the transaction closin g date. An additional US$150 M of deferred compensation is to be paid in four annual 
cash payments of US$37.5 M, commencing on December 31, 2027.  
Prior to the transaction closing, Newmont has agreed to transfer the Porcupine Complex mineral tenures and operations 
into a new company to facilitate the sale of the Porcupine Complex. When the transaction closes, Discovery Silver 
will indirectly own 100%  of the Project through its ownership of all of the shares in the new corporate entity.  
Project Setting  
 
The Dome, Pamour and Hoyle Pond Mines are located within the city limits of the City of Timmins. The mines are 
easily accessible year -round via Highway 101 and secondary access roads. There are existing dedicated haul roads 
between the former Hollinger min e and Dome mine, and between the Pamour and Hoyle Pond mines and the Dome 
mine. A full service airport is located north of Timmins. The Borden mine can be accessed from the township of 
Chapleau using Ontario Provincial Highway 101.  
The local Timmins area climate varies from hot summers to cold winters. Mining operations are year -round.  
The mine sites are within driving distance of major towns. Timmins is a regional centre for employing and training 
mining personnel.  
The topography of the Timmins area has moderate relief, whereas relief in the Borden area is low to moderate. 
Vegetation in the Timmins and Borden areas consists of open boreal forest.  - 67 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Mineral Tenure, Surface Rights, Water Rights, Royalties and Agreements  
 
The mineral tenure holdings are divided for the purposes of this Report between two areas, one referred to as the 
Timmins area, and the second as the Borden area.  
In the Timmins area, there are a total of 382 mineral claims that are wholly owned by Goldcorp Canada, covering 
approximately 17,325 ha, consisting of boundary, multi -cell and single -cell claims. Claims have expiry dates that 
range from 2027 –2030. There ar e an additional 416 tenures (8,965 ha) held under joint venture, including boundary, 
multi -cell and single -cell claims, mining leases, mining patents, and surface leases. Expiry dates range from 2025 –
2032. Four of the surface leases and the mining patents have no expiry dates. There are four exploration permits, held 
by Goldcorp Canada and the Ontario Ministry of Energy, Northern Development and Mines (Ministry of Mines), 
which cover an area of approximately 934 ha and expire in 2026. There are 475 mining p atents, covering 
approximately 10,639 ha, which are wholly -owned by Goldcorp Canada, which have no expiry date. There is a total 
of 573 surface patents, covering approximately 10,314 ha, which have no expiry date. Three of the surface patents are 
under joi nt venture with multiple different parties; the remainder are wholly -owned by Goldcorp Canada. Goldcorp 
Canada wholly owns 95 mining leases (approximately 3,995 ha), with expiry dates that range from 2025 –2044. One 
mining patent is under joint venture, cov ering an area of 65 ha, and expires in 2041. Sixty surface leases, wholly -
owned by Goldcorp Canada, cover approximately 1,852 ha, and have no expiry dates. There is a single aggregate 
permit, under joint venture, covering approximately 16 ha that has no ex piry date. A land use permit, under joint 
venture, covers approximately 1 ha and expires in 2029. There are three mining licences of occupation, wholly -owned 
by Goldcorp Canada, with no expiry date, that cover approximately 722 ha. There are three surface licences of 
occupation. Two, covering approximately 2 ha, are wholly -owned by Goldcorp Canada. The second, under joint 
venture, covers approximately 4 ha. None of the surface licences of occupation have expiry dates.  
In the Borden area, there are a total of 488 mineral claims (approximately 70,081 ha) wholly owned by Goldcorp 
Canada, consisting of boundary, multi -cell, and single -cell claims. Claims have expiry dates that range from 2029 –
2030. There are 491 mining pate nts covering a total area of approximately 39,140 ha, of which 489 (approximately 
31,011 ha) are held by Goldcorp Canada as wholly -owned, and two (approximately 129.43 ha) that are held by third 
parties. In addition, there are 42 surface patents covering a  total area of approximately 2,570 ha, of which 41 
(approximately 2,508 ha) are held by Goldcorp Canada as wholly -owned, and one (approximately 62 ha) that is held 
by third parties. Mining and surface patents do not have expiry dates. There are 21 mining l eases, wholly owned by 
Goldcorp Canada, totalling approximately 2,355 ha. There are an additional 13 surface leases, totalling approximately 
1,480 ha, which are wholly owned by Goldcorp Canada. Mining and surface leases expire in 2040.  
The Timmins and Borden areas have a number of surface agreements to provide surface rights. Surface rights holdings 
are sufficient to support the LOM plan.  
There are 14 disposition agreements, 17 easement agreements, five memoranda of understanding, 11 lease agreements, 
six joint venture agreements, three option agreements, two highway permits, and 41 surface agreements for the 
Timmins area, all of which are with multiple parties. These agreements have various expiry dates that range from 
2024 –2062. Agreements with 2024 expiry dates, such as some of the surface access agreements, are in the renewal 
process. Some agreements have no expiry date. There are an add itional 11 agreements specifically concluded with 
Glencore that cover aspects such as agreements on waste rock disposal facilities, mine closure and remediation plans, 
air dispersion modelling, operations and steering committees, access rights and easement s, and water supply and 
discharge agreements. These have expiry dates that range from 2024 –2031. Agreements with 2024 expiry dates are in 
the renewal process. Where agreements have expiry dates immediately prior, or immediately following, the Report 
effect ive date, Newmont experts advised the QP that renewal applications have, or will be, lodged. In some instances, 
the agreements automatically extend each year and no renewal is needed.  
Two surface agreements are in place for the Borden area. One expires in 2035, the second in 2036.  
Goldcorp Canada does not exclusively hold water rights for the Porcupine and Borden sites. Water taking from 
groundwater and freshwater sources is regulated by the Ontario Ministry of Environment, Conservation and Parks 
(Ministry of the Environment) and re quires a Permit to Take Water for any water taking over 50,000 litres per day. 
The Porcupine and Borden sites have active Permits to Take Water where required for mining and associated activities. 
Permits to Take water are required to be renewed on a frequ ency specified in the permits in order to support mining 
activities. The Hoyle Pond Mine uses fresh water from a surface water source drawn by the neighbouring Glencore 
Kidd Metallurgical facility. Glencore has announced the closure of that facility in 202 6, and as such, alternative 
freshwater sources are actively being considered.  - 68 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Royalties consists of an over -arching royalty payable to Franco -Nevada Corporation (Franco -Nevada), and royalties 
with individuals that are attached to specific claims groups. In the latter instance, the royalties are classified as materia l 
or non -material , where a material royalty is on claims that have a current Mineral Resource estimate.  
As part of Project acquisition financing, Discovery Silver intends to enter into a 4.25% net smelter return (NSR) 
royalty arrangement with Franco -Nevada Corporation (Franco -Nevada). Of this NSR, 2.25% is a royalty in perpetuity, 
and 2% can be re -purchased.  
There are eight material royalties in the Timmins area. Royalties with net smelter return obligations range from 1 –
2.25%. Other royalties are levied on a production tonnage basis. There are 44 non -material royalties associated with 
the Timmins area. There is one material royalty for the Borden area which has a 1% net smelter return. There are three 
non-material royalties associated with the Borden area.  
Geology and Mineralization  
 
The Project is within the Kapuskasing structural zone of the Wawa sub -province, and Abitibi sub -province of the 
Archean Superior Craton.  
Within the Abitibi sub -province are a number of  laterally extensive, stacked, volcano –sedimentary successions and 
assemblages that may have conformable, unconformable, or disconformable contacts. These assemblages have been 
variably intruded by a series of granite, tonalite, granodiorite, porphyry, and  syenite/albitite intrusions. All of the 
Abitibi sub -province rocks have been metamorphosed, reaching lower to middle greenschist facies in the Timmins 
area. Gold mineralization is considered to be generally late in the evolution of the Abitibi sub -provinc e. Mineralization 
is hosted primarily within the Tisdale, Porcupine and Timiskaming assemblages. Unconformities or disconformities 
have been identified between each assemblage. Deposits are juxtaposed along the Porcupine –Destor and Larder Lake –
Cadillac def ormation zones. Mineralization in the Timmins area primarily consists of networks of steeply - to 
moderately -dipping fault -fill quartz -carbonate ± tourmaline ± pyrite veins and associated extensional, variably 
deformed, shallowly to moderately dipping array s of sigmoidal veins hosted in highly carbonatized and sericitized 
rocks.  
A series of structural belts young to the east within the Wawa domain, the youngest being the 5 x 35 km Borden Lake 
belt that hosts the Borden deposit. This belt comprises an east -west trending assemblage of metasedimentary units, 
including a polymictic me ta-conglomerate, mafic and felsic metavolcanic rocks, and mafic gneisses. Metamorphism 
in the Kapuskasing structural zone ranges from upper -amphibolite to granulite facies. Metamorphism in the vicinity 
of the Borden deposit is of upper amphibolite grade. M ineralization in the Borden area occurs as a broad zone with 
quartz and white mica, biotite, and garnet with disseminated and fracture -controlled sulphides (pyrite and pyrrhotite), 
within a volcano -metasedimentary package of variable composition. Mineraliz ation consists of low -to-moderate grade 
gold concentrations, with a higher -grade core that increases in grade toward the southeast.  
The Timmins area remains prospective along the Destor –Porcupine fault zone where the Timiskaming Unconformity 
is in contact with Tisdale ultramafic volcanic lithologies, and around legacy mine sites. These include at depth and 
along strike of the Hollinger  to McIntyre, Broulan, Coniaurum, Owl Creek Deep, and Paymaster zones. In the Borden 
area the zone west of the Borden ramp at Borden West and the B Roswell East and West zones show prospectivity.  
The Borden deposit remains open along strike to the east and west. The Hoyle Pond deposit remains open at the XMS 
zone, the S -vein upward and down -plunge extensions, the NMV2 zone near the 1350 level of the mine, and the TVZ 
zone. The Pamour deposit remain s open at depth and along strike of the old underground workings. There may be 
potential for extending mineralization to the north of the current resource model. Pamour West remains open at depth. 
There may be potential for additional mineralization betwee n the Pamour open pit and Pamour West.  
History  
 
The Timmins area has a long history of exploration and production, commencing with the first gold discovery in 1909. 
Numerous companies were involved in exploration and mining activities from 1910 –2002, including Dome Mines 
Limited, Standard Gold Mines Lim ited, West Dome Mines Limited, Hollinger Gold Mines Limited, Preston East 
Dome Mines Limited, Three Nations Mining Co. Ltd., La Palme Porcupine Mines Ltd., Consolidated West Dome 
Mines Ltd., Paymaster Consolidated Mines Ltd., Porcupine Paymaster Limited, P amour Porcupine Mines Limited, 
Noranda Inc., Midcamp Mines Ltd., Preston Mines Limited, Texas Gulf Inc., Texas Gulf Sulphur Company, Kidd 
Creek Mines Ltd., Falconbridge Gold Corporation, Diepdaume Mines Limited, Kapuskasing Resources, Pamour Inc., - 69 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Jimberlana Minerals, Giant Resources Limited, Placer Dome Inc. (Placer Dome), Royal Oak Mines Ltd., Kinross Gold 
Corp (Kinross). In 2002, the Porcupine Joint Venture (PJV) between Kinross and Placer Dome was established. In 
2006, the PJV and other properti es held by Placer Dome were acquired by Goldcorp Inc. (Goldcorp) as part of a larger 
transaction when Barrick Gold Corp. (Barrick) took over Placer Dome. Goldcorp subsequently merged with Newmont 
Corp. (Newmont) in 2019. Work completed by the companies lis ted included geological mapping, geophysical 
surveys, core drilling, mining and technical studies, and open pit and underground mining operations.  
Probe Mines Limited commenced work in the Borden area in 2010, and was acquired by Goldcorp in 2015. Work 
completed included geological mapping, geophysical surveys, core drilling, mining and technical studies, and 
underground mining operations.  
Drilling and Sampling  
 
Core drilling in the period 1905 –30 September 2024 from surface and underground in the Project area totals 145,696 
drill holes (15,298,198.50 m). As Discovery Silver does not yet own an interest in the Project, all drilling and sampling 
activities were com pleted by parties other than Discovery Silver.  
Drilling at the Borden deposit comprises 2,553 core drill holes (679,176.04 m). The total drilling at the Dome deposit 
consists of 1,958,613.96 m of drilling in 32,299 core holes. The drilling at Hollinger consists of 41,504 core holes for 
1,673,267.27 m o f drilling. Drilling at the Hoyle Pond deposit comprises 24,399 core holes (2,983,592.08 m). The 
total drilling at the Pamour deposit consists of 1,728,394.87 m of drilling in 27,570 core holes.  
Regional drilling in the Timmins area, outside known deposits, consists of 16,591 drill holes (1,511,526 m), with 304 
drill holes (62,086 m) completed as part of regional exploration in the Borden area.  
A range of drill types and methods have been used at the operations over time. Core sizes include AQ (27 mm core 
diameter), AQTK (30.5 mm), ATW (30.1 mm), E (21.5 mm), EXT (23 mm), HQ (63.5 mm), NQ (47.6 mm) and PQ 
(85 mm).  
Grade and ore control samples are not used in estimation. They are used for short -term production planning purposes.  
Prior to digital logging and databases paper drill logs were used. All relevant historical paper logs supporting current 
operations/resources have been digitized, and other legacy sites have had available paper logs scanned and are 
available for digitizati on into the main geological database. Historical digital logging in the Timmins area was 
primarily completed using various digital logging platforms both third party and internal databases such as acQuire, 
Geospark, Access, or Excel spreadsheets were used to capture relevant geological data directly as digital inputs.  
Current core logging (2019 to present) adheres to the Newmont global standard for core logging. Qualitive and 
quantitative geological data are digitally recorded by the geologists using Newmont's internal logging program CORE 
management 2.0 software, which  is a graphical logging program front -end that interfaces with Newmont's Global 
Exploration Database (GED) where captured data are saved in a series of tables organized by site and by site project, 
and data type (for example, Hoyle Pond, Borden, lithology,  alteration). Geotechnical logging is completed, and can 
include information such as vein contacts, bedding angles, core recovery, presence of faults and fractures, rock quality 
designation (RQD), and strain intensity. All core is photographed wet and dry,  organized, and named according to the 
drill hole ID and depth of the interval of core captured. Core photographs are saved to a central server. Core recovery 
in the Timmins and Borden areas is generally very good.  
Collar and down -hole survey intervals, methods, and instrumentation varied over time, and were industry accepted at 
the time of use.  
Historical documentation is not readily available. For many of the early Timmins area drill programs, prior to 1991, 
the whole core was sent for analysis. Currently, after core is logged, marked and tagged, geologists define the sample 
intervals on the cor e whilst logging and add one tag to the core box at the end of each sample interval. Sample intervals 
varied by deposit, and could range from 0.001 –6.4 m, but typically had mean values of either 1.0 m or 1.5 m.  
Specific gravity determinations are recorded in the Project database. Data were primarily collected using the 
Archimedes method, which involves weighing a sample in air, and dividing this value by the difference between the 
mass in air and the mass while i mmersed in water. The data are of sufficient quality to support Mineral Resource 
estimation.  - 70 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
A large number of laboratories, and consequently sample preparation and analytical procedures, were used over the 
Project history. To 1990, all Dome samples were prepared and assayed at the Dome laboratory, a non -independent, 
non-accredited run -of-mine lab oratory. From 1990 –1993 all underground samples were processed at the Dome Mine 
laboratory, but most surface samples were sent to a variety of different independent external laboratories including 
Swastika Laboratories in Swastika, Assayers Laboratory in R ouyn -Noranda, SGS Laboratories (SGS) in Rouyn -
Noranda, Chimitec in Val d'Or and Quebec City, XRAL Laboratories in Toronto, or Bondar Clegg, in Ottawa. Samples 
from Blueberry Hill drilling in 1991 were sent to Accurassay laboratories in Kirkland Lake. Accre ditations for these 
laboratories are not recorded in the Project database.  
Sample preparation procedures prior to 2009 are not well documented. Since 2009, sample preparation, while not 
standardized, was quite similar at most operations. Historically sample preparation for pulp and metallic assays was 
undertaken by the Dome Mine laboratory, Swastika and Chimitec in Rouyn Noranda and Mississauga. Procedures for 
preparation varied slightly from laboratory to laboratory in terms of particle size and quantity of crushed product, 
splitting procedures, and the size of the pulp selected for assay. Crushing ranged from 75 –85% passing <2 mm; 
pulverizing from 85 –90% passing <75 µm.  
Pre-1968, all samples at the Dome mine laboratory were analyzed using fire assay with a gravimetric finish. From 
1968 –1986 an aqua regia digestion/methyl isobutyl ketone extraction with an atomic absorption (AA) finish (AD/SE) 
was used. This method was sub sequently found to underestimate gold concentrations and was discontinued. After 
1986 the laboratory returned to fire assaying, but with AA finish on lower -grade samples and a gravimetric finish on 
higher -grade samples. Current assay methods for gold typic ally use fire assay with an AA finish, and overlimit samples 
are re -assayed using gravimetric methods. Multi -element analyses using aqua regia digestion with inductively coupled 
plasma –optical emission spectroscopy (ICP –OES) or ICP mass spectrometry (MS) a re completed on request.  
Many of the samples analyzed for Hoyle Pond during the period from 1969 –1990 have been mined out and are no 
longer considered to be material to the Mineral Resource estimates. A portion of the historical assay data is still used 
for the Dome and Pamour est imates. There are no records of independent QA/QC procedures being used in gold 
assaying prior to 1991, although it is possible that some were inserted and used by individual laboratories but not well 
documented. The first formal QA/QC programs were initia ted in 1992. An extensive checking program was in place 
from 1990 –1992 which included comparison of duplicate samples from the various laboratories used in that period, 
as well as metallic screen assaying and total pulverization testing. A blind QA/QC prog ram was implemented on all 
Porcupine Joint Venture advanced exploration programs beginning November 12, 2002. The program included 
insertion of blank, standard and duplicate samples. The initial Borden protocols, in use from 2010 –2015, consisted of 
inserti on of blanks and standards. After 2015, the same QA/QC regime as used for the Porcupine Joint Venture was 
instituted. A comprehensive and rigorous QA/QC program is currently in place for all Project exploration and 
delineation activities that includes inse rtion of blank, standard, and duplicate samples, at a 1:20 insertion rate.  
Sample security has not historically been monitored. Sample collection from drill point to laboratory relied upon the 
fact that samples were either always attended to, or stored in the locked on -site preparation facility, or stored in a 
secure area prior t o laboratory shipment. Security tags were used on sample shipments shipped with third -party 
contractors. Currently and since 2018, laboratory staff directly pick up the samples from the core shacks and transport 
them to the laboratory. Chain -of-custody pro cedures consisted of sample submittal forms to be sent to the laboratory 
with sample shipments to ensure that all samples were received by the laboratory.  
Data Verification  
 
Database administrative staff and Project geologists typically completed verification checks during the process of data 
upload to the databases as set out in standard operating procedures.  
Data verification has been completed over the mine history in support of a number of studies, including annual Mineral 
Resource and Mineral Reserve estimate documentation, internal mining studies, internal studies on specific datasets, 
and technical report s prepared under NI 43 -101. Aspects of these reports and studies were reviewed by the QPs, as 
applicable to their discipline areas, and provide support for conclusions reached by the QPs that the data can be used 
in support of Mineral Resource estimation.  
The QPs individually reviewed the information in their areas of expertise, and concluded that the information 
supported Mineral Resource estimation, and could be used in PEA -level mine planning and economic analysis.  - 71 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Metallurgical Testwork  
 
Mining and milling operations at the Dome site date from 1910, with the current process plant built in the early 1980s. 
The original carbon -in-pulp (CIP) circuit was constructed in 1988 and in 1995, a new crushing circuit, additional leach 
tanks, a new CIP  circuit, and a second grinding line were added. In 2004, the process plant was expanded by adding 
a Rod Mill to B Circuit to handle mineralization from the Pamour open pit. Following the 2004 expansion, the plant 
flowsheet has remained relatively constant . 
During the 100+ year history of the Porcupine Complex, a significant number of metallurgical studies and 
accompanying laboratory -scale and/or pilot plant tests have been completed. The majority of the early testwork is no 
longer relevant due to the deposit  areas that were tested being mined out.  
Either internal metallurgical research facilities operated by the property owner at the time, or external consultants, 
undertook the testwork and associated research. The testwork facilities performed metallurgical testing using industry -
accepted procedure s and to industry -accepted standards at the time the testwork was completed. There is no 
international standard of accreditation provided for metallurgical testing laboratories or metallurgical testing 
techniques.  
Metallurgical testwork and associated analytical procedures were appropriate to the mineralization type, appropriate 
to establish the optimal processing routes, and were performed using samples that are typical of the mineralization 
style.  
Testwork completed since 2019 at Borden, Hoyle Pond and Pamour evaluated head chemical analysis, mineralogical 
analysis, comminution parameters (semi -autogenous grind (SAG) mill comminution tests (SMC), Bond ball mill work 
index (BWi), Bond rod mill work i ndex (RWi), abrasion index (Ai), hardness index (HIT), breakage resistance (A*b), 
generation of grind establishment curves), Knelson gravity separation (at 850 µm), cyanidation leach testwork (at 120, 
130 or 140 µm), and single -stage gravity -recoverable go ld testwork in support of assessments of process amenability 
to the material tested and amenability of the material to blending. Results generally indicated that the mineralization 
tested was amenable to the parameters and equipment used in the Dome proces s plant.  
Environmental characterization testwork was completed on Pamour mineralization to evaluated acid generating 
potential and metal leachability. No samples were found to have a high mobility of hazardous metals, and none would 
be designated as hazardous waste  if disposed of in a landfill.  
Samples selected for testing were representative of the various types and styles of mineralization to be tested. Samples 
were selected from a range of depths within the deposits. Sufficient samples were taken so that tests were performed 
on sufficient samp le mass.  
Recovery factors estimated for Borden, Hoyle Pond, and Pamour are based on appropriate metallurgical testwork, and 
are appropriate to the mineralization types and the selected process route. Recoveries vary by deposit, and are forecast 
to be 92.6% at Borde n, 95.4% at Hoyle Pond, and 91.0% at Pamour. No testwork reports were available for Dome, 
and the recovery forecast of 94.3% at Dome is based on plant recovery data from 2003. As a result, the Dome Mineral 
Resource estimate should be restricted to Inferred  until additional information is available.  
There are no deleterious elements known that would affect process activities or metallurgical recoveries.  
Mineral Resource Estimation  
 
Mineral Resources are estimated for Borden and Hoyle Pond, assuming underground mining methods, and Dome and 
Pamour assuming open pit mining methods.  
Borden  
 
The estimate was completed using commercially -available software.  
The geological framework includes 15 grouped geological units, seven fault blocks that define the mining zones, and 
a major quartz vein domain constraining the mineralization. The quartz vein domains and surrounding lithologies were 
treated as a hard bound ary while the sub -domains within the quartz vein domain were treated as soft boundaries. A 
nominal compositing length of 1 m was used. An average specific gravity value by lithology type inside or outside 
the quartz vein domain was assigned to the block mo del. Capping was applied to composited values. Variograms were 
calculated for estimation domains.  - 72 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
All domains were estimated using ordinary kriging. All block estimates were completed into the 3 x 3 x 3 m model 
parent cell. The gold grade estimate was completed using two estimation passes. The first pass was estimated using 
ranges of 110 –440 m dependin g on domain, with a minimum of 10 samples and a maximum of 24 samples per estimate 
as well as a limit of five samples per drill hole. In the second pass estimation, search ranges were from 220 –880 m, 
depending on domain, with a minimum of six samples, maxi mum of 24 samples, and a limit of five samples per drill 
hole.  
Model validation included visual inspection, swath plots, and global bias checks. No material biases or issues were 
noted as a result of the validation undertaken.  
Measured, Indicated and Inferred confidence categories were assigned using drill spacing criteria:  
• Measured: drill holes within 12 m;  
• Indicated: drill holes within 25 m;  
• Inferred: drill holes within 50 m.  
A Deswik stope optimizer was run to determine potentially mineable shapes assuming mining will be via longhole 
stoping methods. Inputs to the shapes included a gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$120.08/t 
processed, process costs of US$18.30/t p rocessed, general and administrative costs of US$31.58/t processed, variable 
metallurgical recoveries by mining zone ranging from 81.08 –93.64%, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, dilution 
percentages that vary by mining zone, ranging from 18 –25%, and a 4.6% royalty. Mineral Resources are reported at 
varying cut -off grades by mining zone, ranging from 3.3 –4.2 g/t Au.  
Dome  
 
The estimate was completed using commercially -available software.  
The geological framework consists of 19 lithologies that were used for the definition of estimation domains, to 
constrain grade simulations, and specific gravity coding. Primarily hard contacts were used between lithological 
domains with a few exceptions. Assays were composited to 3 m (10 ft) corresponding with twice the dominant 
sampling length of 1.5 m (5 ft). Specific gravity was assigned directly to the simulation nodes prior to regularization 
to selective mining unit scale blocks by lithology.  
The QP identified a bias in the low -grade portion of pre -1990 drilling campaigns. To facilitate improved estimation, 
the QP performed spatial imputation of the low -grade portion of the distributions for each domain. All historical core 
hole data were simul ated from the existing assays (imputed) at low grades to prevent the introduction of a strong 
positive bias in the model. This imputation procedure provided an unbiased basis for the resource model and validated 
across data eras, as well as against blast h ole models.  
Grades were capped, with more conservative capping grades used in waste domains. Pairwise relative experimental 
variograms were calculated for each estimation domain.  
Grades were simulated onto grid nodes spaced at 10 ft3, generating high -resolution models that characterize 
representative point (composite) scale variability. The nodes were then averaged within 30 ft3 (0.85 m3) selective 
mining unit scale blocks, implici tly capturing change of support. Localised conditional simulation was used for the 
estimation of block grades.  
Validation of the localised conditional simulation estimation was compared against ordinary kriged and nearest 
neighbour check estimates. Other validation included visual inspection, global mean comparisons, swath plots, 
comparison of histograms and grade -tonnage curves, and block value comparisons. No significant errors or concerns 
were identified during the validation process.  
Confidence classifications were based on drill spacing studies:  
• Indicated Mineral Resources: at a drill hole spacing ≤30 m (≤100 ft), grade estimates of nominal 
annual production volumes will be within 15% of predicted with a 90% probability or higher;  
• Inferred Mineral Resources: at a drill hole spacing of ≤69 m (≤225 ft), grade estimates of nominal 
annual production volumes will be within 30% of predicted with a 90% probability or higher.  - 73 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
While areas in the model qualified for the Indicated category based on the drill spacing, given the uncertainty in the 
precise location of mined -out areas, various other factors related to the quality of the pre -1990 data, and input from 
process specialist s regarding metallurgical recovery assumptions, only Inferred Mineral Resources were classified.  
Mineral Resource for Dome have been reported considering an open pit mining method and an assumed 20,000 t/d 
milling scenario. The optimization parameters used a long -term gold price of US$2,000/oz with a 91% metallurgical 
recovery based on historical reco rds and numerous metallurgical studies completed on the Dome mineralization. A 
45º slope angle was used with consideration for past geotechnical studies, which recommended angles ranging 
between 40 –51º, depending on the slope sector. Mineral Resources have  been reported inside the pit shell at a cut -off 
grade of 0.40 g/t Au.  
Hoyle Pond  
 
The estimate was completed using commercially -available software.  
The geological framework includes nine lithology models, fault and diabase dyke models, and five major vein set 
models. Geostatistical domains were defined based on the geometric similarities of different structures across various 
areas and the spatial rel ationships between the veins in the geological model. A 1 m composite run length composite 
was used for S - and Middle -veins. A nominal compositing length of 0.5 m was used for the XMS veins. Capping was 
applied to the composites at the time of grade estima tion. Lithology was used as the basis for coding specific gravity 
values and a fixed value was applied to each lithology group. Variograms were calculated for estimation domains.  
Most geostatistical domains were estimated using ordinary kriging, except for domains with sparse data, which were 
estimated using an inverse distance weighting approach. For the S -vein system, estimation involved two passes, 
requiring a minimum of 10 samp les in the first pass. In contrast, the Middle vein system used three passes, with a 
minimum of eight samples for the first pass. Three passes were required to estimate the main XMS material. A 
minimum of eight samples were required for pass 1, dropping to  six samples in pass 2, and three samples in pass 3. 
The search ellipsoid was doubled for each pass. The grade cap used in pass 1 was 400 g/t Au and was lowered to 300 
g/t Au for passes 2 and 3. All other veins and buffers were estimated using one pass. Ma terial outside the veins and 
buffers was not estimated.  
Model validation included visual inspection, swath plots, global bias checks, and a reconciliation check of model 
performance against production. No material biases or issues were noted as a result of the validation undertaken.  
Until the end of 2023, Measured, Indicated and Inferred confidence categories were assigned to the S, Middle and 
XMS resource models classified using drill spacing criteria: Measured: drill hole within 12.5 m; Indicated: drill hole 
within 25 m; and Inferre d: drill hole within 50 m.  
As production has been decreasing since the drill spacing study supporting the classification was completed, a decision 
was made for the current Mineral Resource estimate in this Report to downgrade all Measured material to Indicated 
to reflect the impact of a lower production rate on the drill spacing.  
A Deswik stope optimizer was run to determine potentially mineable shapes assuming the use of longitudinal long -
hole retreat or underhand cut -and-fill mining methods. Input parameters to stope designs included a gold price of 
US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs o f US$371.55/t processed assuming longitudinal long -hole retreat methods and 
US$277.33/t processed assuming underhand cut -and-fill methods, process costs of US$45.01/t processed, general and 
administrative costs of US$47.05/t processed, average 94.3% metall urgical recovery, variable dilution based on 
mining zone ranging from 12 –194%, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, and royalty of 8%. The Mineral Resource 
estimate is reported at a cut -off grade of 12.3 g/t Au in the stopes assumed to be mined using longitudi nal long -hole 
retreat methods and 6.05 g/t Au in the stopes assumed to be mined using underhand cut -and-fill. 
Pamour  
 
The estimate was completed using commercially -available software.  
The geological framework includes 11 lithology groups, a fault model, and lithology -based mineralization domains 
created using mineralization types. A hard boundary was used between the Conglomerate unit and adjacent 
Timiskaming sedimentary lithologies. A 1.5 m composite was selected for estimation purposes. Capping was applied 
to the composites at the time of grade estimation, and varied by lithological domain. Specific gravity values were 
assigned as a fixed value for each lithology. Variograms were calcu lated for estimation domains.  - 74 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Domains were estimated using ordinary kriging and three successive passes that were primarily aligned with the 
variogram model orientation:  
• Pass 1: estimated within 50% of the variogram range using a minimum of 10 composites with a 
maximum of six composites from any one drill hole;  
• Pass 2: estimated within the variogram range using a minimum of eight composites with a maximum 
of five composites per drill hole;  
• Pass 3: estimated within 200% of the variogram range using at least six composites with a maximum 
of four composites per drill hole.  
The blocks were flagged with a lithology field derived from the supplied geology wireframes, as well as the percentage 
volume of the block that falls within the supplied mining voids. Additionally, the block model was coded with the 
percentage of the block  occurring below the topographic surface. To account for the mining voids resulting from 
historical underground mining operations, the percentage block volume falling within mined out regions was used to 
re-calculate grade and specific gravity for each blo ck intersecting a void.  
Model validation included visual inspection, swath plots, and global bias checks. No material biases or issues were 
noted as a result of the validation undertaken.  
Confidence classifications were based on drill hole spacing:  
• Indicated Mineral Resources: the block has an effective drill hole spacing of ≤30 m;  
• Inferred Mineral Resources: the block has an effective drill hole spacing of ≤60 m.k  
Indicated blocks with >10% of their volume within a void were downgraded to Inferred.  
Mineralization was constrained within a conceptual pit shell. The pit parameters used a gold price of US$2,000/oz 
Au, mining costs of US$5.50/t processed, process costs of US$23.70/t processed, general and administrative costs of 
US$10.50/t processed, aver age 91% metallurgical recovery, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, and pit slope angles of 
25º in overburden and 45º in rock. Mineral Resources are reported above a 0.53 g/t Au cut -off. 
Mineral Resource Statement  
 
Mineral Resources are reported in situ using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. The estimates have an effective date 
of 3 December, 2024.  
The Qualified Person for the Borden, Hoyle Pond, and Pamour estimates in Table 1-1, Table 1-3, and Table 1-4 is Mr. 
Eric Kallio, P.Geo., who is an independent consulting geologist. The Qualified Person for the Dome estimate in Table 
1-2 is Dr. Ryan Barnett, P.Geo., an employee of Resource Modeling Solutions Ltd.  
Table 1 -1: Mineral Resource Estimate, Borden  
Deposit  Classification  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t Au)  Contained Metal  
(koz)  
Borden  Measured  1,471  6.17 292 
Indicated  2,274  6.15 449 
Measured and Indicated  3,745  6.16 741 
Inferred  1,372  5.22 230 
Notes to accompany Borden Mineral Resource estimate:  
(1) Mineral Resources are reported insitu, using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral 
Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
(2) Mineral Resources have an effective date of 3 December, 2024. The Qualified Person for the estimate is Mr. Eric Kallio, 
P.Geo., an independent Qualified Person.  - 75 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
(3) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to underground mining methods are constrained within conceptual mineable 
shapes that use the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$120.08/t mined, process 
costs of US $18.30/t processed, general and administrative costs of US$31.58/t processed, variable metallurgical recoveries 
by mining zone ranging from 81.08 –93.64%, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, dilution percentages that vary by mining zone, 
ranging from 18 –25%, a nd a 4.6% royalty. Mineral Resources are reported at varying cut -off grades by mining zone, ranging 
from 3.30 –4.20 g/t Au.  
(4) Estimates have been rounded.  
(5) This table is not additive to Table 1 -5. 
Table 1 -2: Mineral Resource Estimate, Dome  
Deposit  Classification  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t Au)  Contained Metal  
(koz)  
Dome  Measured  — — — 
Indicated  — — — 
Measured and Indicated  — — — 
Inferred  229,284  1.49 10,978  
Notes to accompany Dome Mineral Resource estimate:  
(1) Mineral Resources are reported insitu, using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral 
Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
(2) Mineral Resources have an effective date of 3 December, 2024. The Qualified Person for the estimate is Dr. Ryan Barnett, 
P.Geo., an employee of Resource Modeling Solutions Ltd.  
(3) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to open pit mining methods are constrained within a pit shell that uses the 
following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$3.86/t mined, process costs of US$18.74/t 
processed,  general and administrative costs of US$3.86/t processed, average 91% metallurgical recovery, refining costs of 
US$0.94/oz Au, and pit slope angles of 45º. Mineral Resources are reported above a 0.40 g/t Au cut -off.  
(4) Estimates have been rounded.  
(5) This table is not additive to Table 1 -5. 
Table 1 -3: Mineral Resource Estimate, Hoyle Pond  
Deposit  Classification  Location  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t 
Au) Contained 
Metal  
(koz)  
Hoyle 
Pond  Measured   — — — 
Indicated  Stopes  1,098  13.12  463 
Development  69 9.38  21 
Measured and 
Indicated  Stopes + 
development  1,167  12.90  484 
Inferred  Stopes  569 15.24  279 
Development  10 14.93  5 
Inferred  Stopes + 
development  578 15.24  283 
Notes to accompany Hoyle Pond Mineral Resource estimate:  
(1) Mineral Resources are reported insitu, using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral 
Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
(2) Mineral Resources have an effective date of 3 December, 2024. The Qualified Person for the estimate is Mr. Eric Kallio, 
P.Geo., an independent Qualified Person.  
(3) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to underground mining methods are constrained within conceptual stope 
designs that use the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$371.55/t mined assuming 
longitudinal long-hole retreat methods and US$277.33/t mined assuming underhand cut -and-fill methods, process costs of - 76 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
US$45.01/t processed, general and administrative costs of US$47.05/t processed, average 94.3% metallurgical recovery, 
refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, dilution percentages that vary by zone and mining method, ranging from 12 –194%, and 
royalty of 8.0%. The Mineral Resource estimate is reported at a cut -off grade of 12.3 g/t Au in the stopes assumed to be 
mined using longitudinal long -hole retreat methods and 6.05 g/t Au in the stopes assumed to be mined using underhand cut -
and-fill. 
(4) Estimates have been rounded.  
(5) This table is not additive to Table 1 -5. 
Table 1 -4: Mineral Resource Estimate, Pamour  
Deposit  Classification  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t Au)  Contained Metal  
(koz)  
Pamour  Measured  — — — 
Indicated  64,755  1.30 2,704  
Measured and Indicated  64,755  1.30 2,704  
Inferred  23,264  1.34 1,002  
Notes to accompany Pamour Mineral Resource estimate:  
(1) Mineral Resources are reported insitu, using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral 
Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
(2) Mineral Resources have an effective date of 3 December, 2024. The Qualified Person for the estimate is Mr. Eric Kallio, 
P.Geo., an independent Qualified Person.  
(3) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to open pit mining methods are constrained within a pit shell that uses the 
following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$5.50/t mined, process costs of US$23.70/t 
processed,  general and administrative costs of US$10.47/t processed, average 91% metallurgical recovery, refining costs of 
US$0.94/oz Au, and pit slope angles of 25º in overburden and 45º in rock. Mineral Resources are reported above a 0.53 g/t 
Au cut -off.  
(4) Estimates have been rounded.  
(5) This table is not additive to Table 1 -5. 
Table 1 -5: Mineral Resource Summary Table  
Classification  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t Au)  Contained Metal  
(koz)  
Measured  1,471  6.17 292.0  
Indicated  68,196  1.66 3,640.0  
Measured and Indicated  69,667  1.76 3,931.9  
Inferred  254,499  1.53 12,493.5  
Notes to accompany combined Mineral Resource estimate:  
(1) Mineral Resources are reported insitu, using the 2014 CIM Definition Standards. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral 
Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.  
(2) Mineral Resources have an effective date of 3 December, 2024. The Qualified Person for the Borden, Hoyle Pond and Pamour 
estimates is Mr. Eric Kallio, P.Geo., an independent Qualified Person. The Qualified Person for the Dome estimate is Dr. 
Ryan Barne tt, P.Geo., an employee of Resource Modeling Solutions Ltd.  
(3) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to underground mining methods at Borden are constrained within conceptual 
mineable shapes that use the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$120.08/t mined, 
process c osts of US$18.30/t processed, general and administrative costs of US$31.58/t processed, variable metallurgical 
recoveries by mining zone ranging from 81.08 –93.64%, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, dilution percentages that vary by 
mining zone, ranging from  18–25%, and a 4.6% royalty. Mineral Resources are reported at varying cut -off grades by mining 
zone, ranging from 3.3 –4.2 g/t Au.  
(4) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to open pit mining methods at Dome are constrained within a pit shell that 
uses the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$3.85/t mined, process costs of 
US$18.75/t pr ocessed, general and administrative costs of US$3.86/t processed, average 91% metallurgical recovery, refining 
costs of US$0.94/oz Au, and pit slope angles of 45º. Mineral Resources are reported above a 0.40 g/t Au cut -off.  - 77 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
(5) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to underground mining methods at Hoyle Pond are constrained within 
conceptual stope designs that use the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$371.55/t 
mined assuming  longitudinal long -hole retreat methods and US$277.33/t mined assuming underhand cut -and-fill methods, 
process costs of US$45.01/t processed, general and administrative costs of US$47.05/t processed, average 94.3% 
metallurgical recovery, refining costs of US$0.98/oz Au, dilution percentages that vary by zone and mining method, ranging 
from 12 –194%, and a royalty of 8.0%. The Mineral Resource estimate is reported at a cut -off grade of 12.3 g/t Au in the 
stopes assumed to be mined using longitudinal long -hole retreat methods and 6.05 g/t Au in the stopes assumed to be mined 
using underhand cut -and-fill.  
(6) Mineral Resources that are considered amenable to open pit mining methods at Pamour are constrained within a pit shell that 
uses the following input parameters: gold price of US$2,000/oz Au, mining costs of US$5.50/t mined, process costs of 
US$23.70/t processed, general and administrative costs of US$10.47/t processed, average 91% metallurgical recovery, 
refining costs of US$0.94/oz Au, and pit slope angles of 25º in overburden and 45º in rock. Mineral Resources are reported 
above a 0.53 g/t Au cut -off. 
(7) Estimates have been rounded. Grades and contained metal content are presented as weighted averages.  
(8) This table is not additive to any of Table 1-1, Table 1 -2, Table 1-3, or Table 1-4. 
Factors that may affect the Mineral Resource estimates include: metal price and exchange rate assumptions; changes 
to the assumptions used to generate the gold grade cut -off grade; changes in local interpretations of mineralization 
geometry and continuity of mineralized zones; changes to geological and mineralization shapes, and geological and 
grade continuity assumptions; changes to assumptions as to locations of historical voids and their impacts on 
estimation and confidence classifications; specific grav ity and domain assignments; changes to geotechnical, mining, 
mining dilution, and metallurgical recovery assumptions; changes to the input and design parameter assumptions that 
pertain to the conceptual pits constraining the Pamour and Dome estimates; chan ges to the input and design parameter 
assumptions that pertain to the conceptual stope shapes constraining the Borden and Hoyle Pond estimates; and 
assumptions as to the continued ability to access the site, retain or obtain mineral and surface rights titl es, maintain or 
obtain environment and other regulatory permits, and maintain or obtain the social license to operate.  
Mining Methods  
 
The 2024 PEA mine plan is partly based on Inferred Mineral Resources that are considered too speculative 
geologically to have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be classified as Mineral 
Reserves, and there is no certainty that the 2024 PEA based on these Mineral Resources will be realized.  
The 2024 PEA mine plan assumed conventional underground and open pit operations, and the use of conventional 
equipment. Production included in the 2024 PEA comes from the Borden, Hoyle Pond and Pamour mines. The 
proposed total mine life will be 22 years, f rom 2025 –2047. Hoyle Pond underground mine will operate from 2025 –
2035, Borden underground mine from 2025 -2033 and Pamour open -pit mine from 2025 –2046. Stockpiled material 
from Pamour will be rehandled in 2047 to the process plant. No production is assumed  from Dome. The 2024 PEA is 
based on the sub -set of the Mineral Resource estimate in Table 1 -6. The production forecast used in the 2024 PEA is 
displayed in Figure 1 -1. 
Mill feed from all operations will be hauled to the Dome process plant via on -road trucks from the Borden mine and 
mine trucks from the Pamour and Hoyle Pond mines.  
Borden  
 
The Borden deposit is accessed via a main ramp from surface. There will be six mining zones, accessed using 15 m -
spaced mining levels. Each zone has a central access. Secondary egress is via the fresh air raise. The overall mining 
sequence in each zone is a bottom -up retreat towards the central access in a chevron pattern.  
Table 1 -6: Subset of Mineral Resource Estimate in 2024 PEA Mine Plan  
Deposit  Classification  Tonnage  
(kt) Grade  
(g/t) Contained  
Metal  
(koz)  
Borden  Measured  1,471  6.17 292 
Indicated  2,274  6.15 449 - 78 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Sub-total Measured + Indicated  3,745  6.16 741 
Inferred  1,372  5.22 230 
Hoyle Pond  Measured  — — — 
Indicated  1,167  12.90  484 
Sub-total Measured + Indicated  1,167  12.90  484 
Inferred  578 15.24  283 
Pamour  Measured  — — — 
Indicated  64,755  1.30 2,704  
Sub-total Measured + Indicated  64,755  1.30 2,704  
Inferred  23,264  1.34 1,002  
 
Note: Footnotes to Table 1 -1, Table 1 -3 and Table 1 -4 also apply to this table. The Qualified Person for the subset of 
the Mineral Resource estimate used in the 2024 PEA mine plan is Mr. Pierre Rocque, P.Eng., Rocque Engineering 
Inc. Mineral Resources that  are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. Estimates have 
been rounded. This table is not additive to Table 1 -1, Table 1 -3, Table 1 -4, or Table 1 -5.  
 
Figure 1 -1: 2024 PEA LOM Production Schedule   
 
Note: Figure prepared by Discovery Silver, 2024.  
 
Longitudinal long -hole retreat stoping  method with primarily unconsolidated rock fill or cemented rock fill is the only 
method in place at Borden. The planned throughput is approximately 2,000 t/d. Waste generated at the mine is used 
in the backfill process, mostly as loose rockfill; however, the backfill material must be trucked from Dome, since there 
is no waste backfill materials on site anymore.  
Rock mass classification ranges from Fair to Good. Geomechanical domaining is divided between an East and West 
domains, based on drill hole logging results. Ground support requirements are based on semi -empirical methods and 
consist of rebars and friction bolts. Crown pillar stability was assessed in 2017 with no potential issues identified. A 
comprehensive Ground Control Management Plan is in place.  
- 79 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
A maximum material movement of approximately 3,200 t/d is scheduled in the 2024 PEA, with a maximum of two 
stope mucking activities with truck load -out at any one time. There is a mix of Owner and contractor diesel and battery -
electric equipment. Load –haul–dump vehicles load the stoping and development material into a 40 t haulage truck, 
which transports the material to a designated location on surface where it is subsequently loaded into a surface road 
haulage truck.  
The mill feed material hauled to the Dome process plant via Highway 101 over a distance of approximately 190 km. 
This activity is performed by an external contractor who is under contract until June 2029. The current equipment 
fleet is sufficient for the 2 024 PEA LOM plan.  
Fresh air is pulled from surface down a fresh air raise to the second ramp on 255L. Return air exhausts via the internal 
ramps to the main ramp to the surface portal. To support future production, a new return air raise reaching surface will 
be required. S tudies are underway to finalize the design and location in 2025. Once the planned return air raise is 
completed, the system will become "pull -push".  
Backfill material is mostly waste rock, with some stopes requiring cemented rockfill.  
Intersected faults have resulted in localized damp or dripping conditions underground but there are no indications of 
water inflow under pressure.  
Hoyle Pond  
 
Surface access is provided by two ramps (the Hoyle Pond ramp and the 1060 Zone ramp) and by #1 Shaft (8.5 m by 
2.4 m) in combination with #2 Winze (5.5 m diameter concrete -lined). The two ramps connect at the 200L mine 
horizon. Main levels are spaced 24 to  40 m, with sub -levels spaced between 12 to 20 m apart (vertically, floor to 
floor). Future sub -levels are planned at 18 m spacing. The current development plan extends down to 2290L for the S 
Zone and 1840L for the XMS Zone.  
Two mining methods are used at Hoyle Pond: longitudinal long -hole retreat stoping above 1900L and underhand cut 
and fill, mainly for the S -vein below 1900L. Main haulage levels are typically driven at 60 m intervals.  
Measurements of rock strength, RQD, structural joint set and foliation form the basis of rock mass classification. 
Currently, both RMR89 (60 -70) and Q' (20 -10) systems are used. Geomechanical domaining is mining zone -based 
with consideration for rock type and primary structural controls. Ground support requirements are based on semi -
empirical methods, and typically consist of resin rebar rock bolts, and Swellex bolts where required. A comprehensive 
Ground Control Management Plan is in place.  
The material handling system capacity is approximately 2,200 t/d. Blasted muck is hauled up the ramp and dumped 
either on 1330L or 1600L, where rock breakers are located. Muck is then loaded into 12 t skips on the 1670L loading 
pocket (#2 Winze) through a conveyor. The muck is skipped to 720L at a 190 t/h hoisting rate and trammed across to 
#1 Shaft via 8 t cars, where it is hoisted to surface in 8 t skips at a 140 t/h skipping rate. Surface trucks haul the 
mineralization to the Dome process plant, located approximately 17 km from the mine. The current equipment fleet 
is sufficient for the 2024 PEA LOM plan.  
A ventilation expansion below 1900L was completed at the end of 2023. An extension is planned from 1900L down 
to 2080L in the S Zone with additional ventilation and egress raises. Approximately 250 m3/s flows to the mine and 
booster fans located near the 9 00L assist in flow redistribution.  
Backfill is supplied via a surface paste fill plant.  
No significant water inflow zones have been intersected at depth in the mine.  
Pamour  
 
The proposed Pamour open pit will use conventional open pit mining methods and a truck -and-shovel operation. Two 
6030 Cat shovels will be used as the main loading units with 993 and 992 loaders for additional support in loading 
activities. Mill feed materi al will be loaded into 785 Cat haul trucks (136 t) and transported to the Dome process plant, 
located 13 km from Pamour. Waste will be transported to either a waste rock storage facility (WRSF) or to a separate 
overburden pile.  - 80 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Haul roads were designed at a width of 33.2 m. The maximum grade of the haul roads will be 10%, except for the 
lower benches where the grade was increased to 12% and the ramp width was narrowed to 20.75 m to minimize waste 
stripping.  
For the 2024 PEA, all slopes were designed using a 52° inter -ramp slope angle for bedrock and 25° for overburden 
slopes.  
A low -grade stockpile is planned during years when mine production will allow mining rates beyond the mill capacity. 
The low -grade stockpile will be used to supplement mill feed during high stripping periods of the pit phases. Grades 
>1.0 g/t Au will be fe d directly to the process plant and material grading 0.53 –1.0 g/t Au will be hauled to the stockpile.  
Blocks near voids were diluted to account for the percentage of the block that had been mined -out from the historic 
underground mining. For the 2024 PEA mine plan, no further external dilution was applied to the Pamour mine 
schedule.  
Benches will be blasted and mined on 9 m levels. Buffer rows and pre -shear are planned for controlled blasting and 
minimize damage to the highwalls.  
In order to dewater the Pamour open pit, a new water treatment plant was completed at the end of 2022 and began 
discharging in 2023. Pit dewatering rates were modelled using a GoldSim model.  
WRSFs were designed to minimize surface disturbance and backfill mined -out pits where future mining is not 
anticipated. The West and Northwest WRSFs cover historical tailings storage facilities and will require permitting 
approval for their construction.  
A new fleet of production equipment has already been purchased for the Pamour open pit, including shovels, loaders, 
drills, dozers, haul trucks and a grader. Equipment from the currently suspended Hollinger operations that are assessed 
as in "good" or "fai r" condition are only required as spares and or parts for the new fleet. Two additional shovels, two 
production drills and seven haul trucks are planned to be purchased in the later years of the mine plan.  
Recovery Methods  
 
The process plant is based on a robust metallurgical flowsheet designed for optimum recovery with minimum 
operating costs. The flowsheet is based upon unit operations that are well proven in industry.  
Mining and milling operations at the Dome site date from 1910, with the current process plant built in the early 1980s. 
The original carbon -in-pulp (CIP) circuit was constructed in 1988 and in 1995, a new crushing circuit, additional leach 
tanks, a new CIP  circuit, and a second grinding line were added. In 2004, the process plant was expanded by adding 
a rod mill to B Circuit to handle mineralization from the Pamour open pit. Following the 2004 expansion, the plant 
flowsheet has remained relatively constant . 
The Dome process plant consists of a three -stage crushing circuit and two parallel rod mill and ball mill circuits ahead 
of a single leach and CIP circuit. The plant has a permitted capacity of up to 15,000 t/d, and the 2024 PEA assumes a 
12,000 t/d maximu m throughput. Operating capacity depends on the proportion of the feed sources but is 
approximately 3.9 Mt/a at the current feed blend with A circuit able to handle 3,300 t/d and B circuit 7,700 t/d. In the 
mid-2000s, the plant operated at 4.3 Mt/a with A circuit at 3,360 t/d and B Circuit at 8,400 t/d when processing Hoyle 
Pond, Pamour, and some Dome stockpile materials. Throughput reduced in 2022 to approximately 3.0 Mt/a due to 
maintenance issues that began that year.  
The process plant operates 24 hours per day, 365 days per year and recovers approximately 92% of the gold in the 
combined mill feed.  
Newmont planned an adjustment to the grinding circuit, which would increase the current P80 of the grinding circuit 
product from 120 µm to 140 µm due to the hardness of the Pamour open pit material and the comparatively higher 
crusher work index of this ma terial versus the other mill feed materials. Additional testwork will be completed by 
Discovery Silver following the anticipated closing of the acquisition to maintain the grind at P80 120 µm or reduce it 
further to 90 µm to maintain or increase metallurgi cal recovery. Throughput capacity of the Dome process plant is 
primarily dependent on the characteristics of the feed blend constituents. Throughput can be impacted through reduced 
crushing circuit availability caused by the presence of contaminants from t he Hollinger open pit reclaim stockpile (e.g. 
wood, steel, rubber from old underground workings, and blasting mats). A simple power -based throughput model was 
developed in 2020 and revised in 2023 to estimate the throughput capacity of the two grinding cir cuits at current and - 81 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
future blends as well as individual mineralization constituents. This model considers the comminution characteristics 
of each material type and the installed power in the crushing and grinding circuits; this was calibrated, based on 
observed differences be tween the two grinding lines. This model was conservative and will be re -analyzed by 
Discovery Silver following closure of the acquisition.  
The main 120 kV power lines feeding the Dome property are owned by Hydro One. Distribution lines and transformer 
stations are located throughout the property to provide electrical power to various site components. A total of 12 MW 
is fed to the site.  
Water is reclaimed from the tailing impoundment area and returned to the milling circuit as mill water. Water 
reclaimed from the tailings impoundment area represents approximately all the process water requirements. If 
additional water is required, fresh w ater can be used.  
Reagents and media used in the process plant include circuit rods, ball mill media, cyanide, flocculant, carbon, lime, 
caustic, anti -scalant, dust suppressant, oxygen, Calfoam, lead nitrate, and leach -aid.  
Project Infrastructure  
 
The major infrastructure required to support operations is built, and operating. Key components are summarized in 
Table 1 -7. 
The Hollinger open pit has five associated WRSFs. The waste is not acid -generating. Two facilities are planned for 
the Pamour open pit. The WRSF capacity planned for Pamour is sufficient for the 2024 PEA LOM plan . 
Table 1 -7: Key Infrastructure  
Mine  Key Infrastructure  
Borden  Underground mine with portal and ramp access; low -grade stockpile; mine backfill plant; 
ventilation and emergency egress; water supply and distribution network, both on surface 
and between surface and the underground mine; electrical workshop; maintenance 
workshop; warehouse; administrative buildings for operational management, safety and 
training facilities, and logistics support; fuel offloading and surface storage facilities; 
exploration and core analysis facilities; laydown and storage area; surface water 
management systems, including a surface water pond for underground dewatering; 6 km 
long, 25 kV power distribution line from a transformer station near Chapleau, connecting to 
Hydro One transmission lines through a 115 kV transmission line.  
Dome  Open pit mine (historical); underground mine with No. 8 shaft (decommissioned; used for 
ventilation); power supply infrastructure, with power transformers and site wide power 
distribution; workshop and maintenance buildings; warehouse; administration build ing; site 
access roads for light vehicles and haul roads for ore delivery to the dome mill from various 
operations from Porcupine Complex; assay laboratory; security gatehouse; processing 
facilities; fuel storage and dispensing facilities; administrative b uildings and facilities; 
exploration facilities, including core shack; surface water collection and management 
systems.  
Hoyle 
Pond  Underground mine with two decline ramps and one four compartment shaft; mine backfill 
plant; ventilation and emergency egress; waste stockpile; mine offices; outdoor laydown area  
Pamour  Open pit; four WRSFs; administrative buildings; dewatering wells; water treatment plant 
and plant discharge points  
There is one active tailings storage facility (TSF), the No. 6 Tailings Area, located south of the Dome Mill. The facility 
has sufficient capacity to 2038, and will store an estimated 176 Mt of tailings. Post 2038, production will require 
tailings construc tion that has been conceptualized for future deposition. An area for the proposed facility has been 
identified and study work has begun.  
Containment structures include the North Dam, East Dams, South Dam, South Dam Extension, West Dam and 
Emergency Spillway. To support additional tailings from the processing of Pamour material the No. 6 Tailings Area 
perimeter dams will be raised and buttre ssed.  - 82 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
The free contact water pond from within the No. 6 Tailings Area will be transitioned away from the North Dam 
towards the centre of the No. 6 Tailings Area. Installed monitoring systems include: vibrating wire piezometers, Shape 
Acceleration Arrays (real -time data acquisition), pneumatic piezometers (monthly), inclinometers (real -time), 
monitoring wells (quarterly), and bathymetric surveys (semi -annually).  
Surveillance inspections are performed five times daily. Newmont commissioned a number of recent TSF reviews, 
with no significant issues noted.  
Process water is primarily sourced from the TSF. Water for gland make -up is taken from Porcupine Lake, and the lake 
can be used as a back up supply if needed. Water ponds provide water for mining uses such as dust suppression. 
Potable and shower/sanitary w ater is provided, depending on the operations as bottled water, from wells, or from the 
City of Timmins water supply.  
Contact water management includes ponds, sediment ponds, former TSFs, and engineered collection ditches.  
There are no accommodations camps associated with the operations. Employees and contractors reside or are 
accommodated in towns immediately adjacent the operations or in other regional centres.  
Power is sourced from the provincial grid. The current average daily demand at Borden is 5.7 MW. The current 
average daily demand at Dome is 13 MW and the infrastructure can support a 22 MW average daily demand. Hoyle 
Pond Underground average daily demand is 11 MW. Pamour average daily demand is an additional 2 MW. Once the 
Pamour open pit is running, average daily demand is forecast to increase to 3.5 –4 MW. There is sufficient capacity 
for the 2024 PEA LOM plan.  
Environmental, Permitting and Social Considerations  
 
Environmental Considerations  
 
The Porcupine Complex comprises a set of operating mines, which, in the Timmins area, have at least 100 years of 
operating history. Environmental regulations and awareness has progressed significantly from the beginning of the 
various mining activities. Ov er time, baseline studies, various improvement and legacy reclamation initiatives, and 
other activities to ensure compliance as regulatory regimes change were undertaken. As the mine and plant sites have 
continued to operate, and in some cases, expand, sup porting environmental studies were completed to assess site 
environmental conditions, and to support permit applications and decision -making processes.  
The Project area has been subject to extensive baseline, environmental monitoring, and technical studies, as per 
provincial and federal regulatory requirements. Depending on the deposit, when the survey was conducted, and the 
permitting regime in place at the time, studies have included topography, physiography, and geology; hydrology and 
hydrogeology; soil; surface water and groundwater quality; vegetation; wildlife; air quality; noise; threatened, 
endangered, species at risk; waste rock characterization s tudies; groundwater modelling; geochemical studies; 
archaeological and heritage; and First Nations. The survey results, where applicable, supported permit applications 
for mining operations and continue to support the ongoing mining activities and permit r enewals.  
Monitoring of various environmental factors is in place, and has generated an extensive environmental dataset that 
supports site management.  
The Porcupine Complex includes one active and a number of inactive/legacy tailings areas. Engineers of Record have 
been assigned to all Tailings Management Areas, and regular Dam Safety Inspection and Dam Safety Reviews are 
conducted at the facilities. Res ults of the inspections and reviews are used to guide the management of the active and 
inactive facilities. An Independent Tailings Review Board was established for the Porcupine No. 6 Tailings Area (the 
active Dome mine TSF) in 2020. Observations and reco mmendations from the Independent Tailings Review Board 
are assigned a priority and actioned for correction or improvement through the implementation of an action plan. The 
Porcupine Complex has adopted the Mining Association of Canada Towards Sustainable M ining Standard (MAC 
TSM) and the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) and has been implementing requirements 
of the GISTM on all of its TSFs. The TSFs are in various stages of implementation of the requirements of the standard. 
Dam safet y inspections and reviews at the Report date had not identified any significant issues that would impact the 
operations or the 2024 PEA LOM plan.  - 83 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Closure  
 
In Ontario, Closure Plans are regulated under the Ontario Mining Act, and contents of the plan are regulated under 
Ontario Regulation 35/24 Rehabilitation of Lands. Closure Standards are specified in the Mine Rehabilitation Code 
of Ontario, most recently u pdated in April, 2024. The contents of closure plans are standardized in the regulation, and 
plans must contain specified information.  
For the Porcupine Complex, 13 Closure Plans have been filed by the Ministry of Mines. Closure costs as registered 
by the Ministry of Mines total approximately C$223.4 M, of which about C$178 M is associated with current 
operations. The Porcupine Complex in cludes a number of historical mine features and hazards that are not required to 
have a Closure Plan in place since these mines pre -dated the Ontario mine closure regulations. These sites are 
considered to be under "Progressive Rehabilitation" under the On tario Mining Act, and rehabilitation plans are in 
progress to address their closure.  
As part of the proposed Project acquisition from Newmont, Discovery Silver made a commitment to assume the 
following at closing of the transaction, subject to consent from the Province of Ontario to transfer the financial 
obligations related to closure pla ns: 
• Newmont's environmental obligations related to existing closure plans, including bonding and letters of 
credit;  
 
• Liabilities at certain legacy sites that are not included in Newmont's current closure plans;  
 
 
• Obligations related to ongoing and future mining operations, including those in support of progressive 
reclamation.  
 
Some legacy mine hazards are not included in the filed closure plans, since they were in place prior to the Mining Act 
closure regulations promulgation; however progressive rehabilitation plans and programs are in place for these 
features and costs associa ted with that work is part of the economic analysis in this Report, and included in the capital 
cost estimates.  
Permitting Considerations  
 
All permits are in place for the activities taking place at the operating sites.  
Social Considerations  
 
Newmont has agreements in place with several Indigenous Communities and Metis communities who have treaty and 
Indigenous rights asserted within the areas in which Newmont Porcupine operates or has legacy sites.  
On 20 November, 2024, a statement of claim was filed by the Taykwa Tagamou Nation against the Government of 
Ontario, including the Ministry of Mines and Ministry of the Environment, which alleges, among other things, that 
the Government of Ontario failed t o adequately consult the Taykwa Tagamou Nation regarding certain permits issued 
with respect to the Pamour Mine. Newmont and Goldcorp Canada Ltd. were named as defendants in this action. The 
Government of Ontario has filed its Notice of Intention to Defend  as of November 22, 2024, and Newmont filed their 
Notice of Intention to Defend as of January 15, 2025.  
Porcupine Complex personnel undertake ongoing discussions and consultation with regulatory authorities, as required, 
in preparation for permit applications, as well as with respect to compliance management and required regulatory 
reporting.  
Markets and Contracts  
 
No market studies are currently relevant as the Porcupine Complex is operating, and it is producing a readily saleable 
commodity in the form of doré, with the principal commodity being gold.  
Commodity prices used in Mineral Resource estimates and in the PEA economic analysis are set by Discovery Silver 
corporately. The gold price provided for Mineral Resource estimation is US$2,000/oz Au. The 2024 PEA financial - 84 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
model uses a reverting price curve from 2025 to long -term pricing in 2028, ranging from US$2,576/oz Au in 2025 to 
US$2,150/oz Au in 2028 and thereafter. Pricing is based on CIBC consensus forecasts.  
Major contracts include fuel supply, mine blasting materials and services, heavy equipment supply and rental, 
transportation services, reagent and consumables, electric power, property security, and surface haulage and contract 
mining (Borden). Contracts a re negotiated and renewed as needed, and currently all material contracts are in place to 
support the operation. Contract terms are within industry norms, and typical of similar contracts in Ontario that 
Discovery Silver is familiar with.  
Cost Estimates  
 
Unless otherwise noted, the costs are stated in US dollars (US$ or USD), with no allowance for escalation or exchange 
rate fluctuations.  
The cost estimates are reported at a Class 5 classification as set out by AACE International, and  are deemed 
appropriate. Class 5 estimates have a typical variation in low and high ranges at an 80% confidence interval of:  
• Low: -20% to -50%;  
 
• High: +30% to +100%.  
 
Capital Cost Estimates  
 
The capital cost estimate consists of various categories:  
• Exploration and growth capital: investments specifically to support Mineral Resource additions;  
 
• Development and expansion capital: investments into new infrastructure or plant that would be additional to 
existing operation;  
 
• Sustaining capital: spending to keep existing assets operating as they are;  
 
• Closure and reclamation capital: spending to close and rehabilitate impacted areas by the operation at the end 
of the operating life.  
 
Most capital costs in this Report originate from the near -term plans (budgets) and LOM plans prepared by Newmont. 
A detailed and thorough review and validation process of these estimates took place as part of the multi -step due 
diligence process by Discove ry Silver.  
Actual performance cost data were either confirmed as valid, or were adjusted to reflect adjustments to the intended 
LOM scope and the most current market conditions. The cost estimates were developed using Q3 2024 US dollars.  
All capital cost estimates included labor costs appropriate for the scope, taking into consideration the actual track 
record of productivity and wages locally. The site currently has about 730 employees, and 330 contractors. In terms 
of hourly versus salar ied employees, the split is approximate 40% salaried, and 60% hourly.  
Given the different sources and timelines for costs in the estimate, various levels of contingency were applied, ranging 
from 10 –15% for sustaining capital to 25% for long -term development projects.  
Table 1 -8 summarizes the estimated mine capital costs by mine and reflects the mining method as either an open pit 
or underground. Exploration capital is estimated at US$93 M. Process costs are summarized in Table 1 -9.  
General and administrative costs are fully accounted for and presented in the operating cost section. The site currently 
spends approximately US$34M per year on general and administrative items, and this level of spending is expected 
to continue. There is no further consideration for general and administrative expenditures in the capital cost estimates. 
Closure cost estimates are provided in Table 1 -10. The LOM capital costs are summarized in Table  1-11 as a LOM 
total. Capital cost estimates, inclusive of c losure and reclamation costs, over the LOM total US$2,385 M.  - 85 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Operating Cost Estimates  
 
Since the Porcupine Complex is in production, there is a robust database of historical cost data from operations. These 
data were reviewed and validated in detail by Discovery Silver during the due diligence process. While long term 
historical information is considered to be indicative rather than currently accurate, the actual costs achieved over the 
past 12 months are the most relevant in forecasting operating costs.  
Mining cost estimates are based on assumed underground mining operations at Hoyle Pond and Borden, and open pit 
operations at Pamour. In general, the mining costs presented are inclusive of all the normal mining task such as drilling, 
blasting, loading, ha uling and support. Mining operating costs (unit rates and annual spends) are not constant over 
time due to variations in the mine plans.  
Process operating costs are inclusive of power, reagents, consumables, maintenance, labor, mobile equipment, 
laboratory services and general support services. The process operating cost consists of fixed costs (common to all 
deposit sources) and variable c osts that are specific to each mineralization source. Therefore, the total operating cost 
for each source is the sum of the fixed and their variable costs.  
Infrastructure operating costs not estimated separately. All operating costs related to infrastructure are allocated to 
either the process plant or each mining operation. The general and administrative operating costs are for the most part 
fixed cost in te rms of the amount spent per year. The current operation spends approximately US$34M per year in 
general and administrative costs. It is expected that this level of spending will continue for the remainder of the LOM. 
Total general and administrative costs are estimated at US$771 M. The unit cost averages approximately US$8.09/t 
processed.  
Table 1 -8: Forecast Mine Capital Costs  
Mine/Deposit  LOM  
(US$ M)  Forecast End  
Mining LOM  
(year)  
Borden  147 2033  
Hoyle Pond  175 2035  
Pamour  546 2047  
 
Table 1 -9: Forecast Process Capital Costs  
Area  LOM  
(US$ M)  Forecast End  
Process LOM  
(year)  
Process  642 2047  
General site 
infrastructure  61 2047  
 
Table 1 -10: Forecast Closure and Reclamation Cost Estimate  
Area  Forecast Total Cost  
(US$ M)  
Closure and reclamation  722 
 - 86 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Table 1 -11: Summary, Capital Cost Estimate Forecasts  
Capital Cost  Total  
(US$ M)  
Exploration and growth  93 
Development  218 
Sustaining  1,369  
Closure and reclamation  722 
Total  2,385  
 
A summary of the total operating cost forecast is included in Table 1 -12. Operating costs for the 2024 PEA LOM plan 
total US$5,192 M.  
Table 1 -12: Summary, Operating Cost Estimates  
Operating Cost Category  Total  
(US$ M)  
Mining  2,915  
Processing  1,507  
General and administrative  770 
Total  5,192  
Economic Analysis  
 
The results of the economic analyses discussed in this section represent forward -looking information as defined under 
Canadian securities law. The results depend on inputs that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and 
other factors that may cause actual results to d iffer materially from those presented herein. Information that is forward -
looking includes the following:  
• Mineral resource estimates;  
 
• Assumptions about commodity prices and exchange rates;  
 
• Proposed mine production plan;  
 
• Projected mining and process recovery rates;  
 
• Assumptions about mining dilution and the ability to mine in areas previously exploited using mining 
methods as envisaged; the timing and amount of estimated future production;  
 
• Sustaining costs and proposed operating costs;  
 
• Assumptions as to closure costs and closure requirements;  
 
• Assumptions as to environmental, permitting, and social risks.  
 
Additional risks to the forward -looking information include the following:  
• Changes to costs of production from what is assumed;  - 87 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
 
• Unrecognized environmental risks;  
 
• Unanticipated reclamation expenses;  
 
• Unexpected variations in quantity of mineralized material, grade, or recovery rates;  
 
• Accidents, labour disputes, and other risks of the mining industry;  
 
• Geotechnical or hydrogeological conditions during mining being different from what was assumed;  
 
• Failure of mining methods to operate as anticipated;  
 
• Failure of plant, equipment, or processes to operate as anticipated;  
• Ability to maintain the social licence to operate;  
 
• Changes to interest rates;  
 
• Changes to tax rates.  
 
The 2024 PEA is preliminary in nature and includes Inferred Mineral Resources that are too speculative geologically 
to have economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as Mineral Reserves, and 
there is no certainty that  the preliminary economic assessment will be realized.  
The financial model that supports the 2024 PEA is a standalone discounted cash flow model that calculates annual 
cash flows based on scheduled production, assumed processing recoveries, metal sales prices, C$/US$ exchange rate 
of 1 CAD = 0.75 USD, projecte d operating and capital costs, royalties, impact benefit agreement payments, and 
estimated taxes. The financial analysis is based on an after -tax discount rate of 5%. All costs and prices are in un -
escalated "real" Q4 2024 dollars. The currency used to doc ument the cash flow is US dollars. Cash flows are taken to 
occur at the mid -point of each period. The Project valuation date basis is January 1, 2025. All costs are based on the 
historical or actual costs from the Porcupine Complex, adjusted for planned wo rk in 2025 and onwards until the end 
of the mine life in 2047, including the forecast closure and reclamation obligations beyond the mine life. Revenue is 
calculated from the recoverable metals and yearly metal price forecasts.  
The economic analysis is reported on a 100% project ownership basis. Project acquisition costs are considered to be 
corporate Discovery Silver costs and are not included in the financial evaluation. Transaction royalty payments based 
on forecast royalty sa le as part of acquisition funding are included in the economic analysis. The financial analysis 
assumes a reverting price curve from US$2,576/oz Au in 2025 to US$2,150/oz Au in 2028 and thereafter.  
Project economics were evaluated on a post -tax basis. The tax model was compiled by Discovery Silver and the 
calculations assume the existing tax regime as of the effective date of this Report. Value -added tax was outside the 
Project economic evaluation. T axes applied included the Canadian corporate income tax (Federal and Ontario Income 
Tax), which consists of a combined 25% income tax, and the Ontario mining tax, which is applied at 10% on 
production earnings before interest, taxes, and corporate overhead  costs. At the assumed metal prices, total payments 
are estimated to be US$947 M over the proposed LOM.  
The Project valuation date basis was January 1, 2025. A discount rate of 5% was used. The after -tax project NPV is 
US$1,239 M. The economic analysis does not entail initial capital investment prior to the start of production and of 
cashflow and so there is  no internal rate of return or project payback period relevant to the economic analysis 
presented.  
Project forecast economics are summarized in Table 1-13, and illustrated in Figure 1-2 (production forecast) and 
Figure 1-3 (cashflow forecast).  
Sensitivity Analysis  
 - 88 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
The sensitivity of the Project NPV to changes in head grade, gold price, metallurgical recovery, and capital and 
operating cost estimates was tested using a range of up to 23% above and below the base case values. Post -tax 
sensitivity to those items are sh own in Figure 1 -4.  
The Project is most sensitive to changes in the gold price. Changes in metal prices approximately mirror changes in 
the gold grade and metallurgical recovery. The Project is less sensitive to changes to operating costs and least sensitive 
to changes in cap ital costs.  
Risks  
 
First Nations  
 
On 20 November, 2024, a statement of claim was filed by the Taykwa Tagamou  Nation against the Government of 
Ontario, including the Ministry of Mines and Ministry of the Environment, which alleges, among other things, that 
the Government of Ontario failed to adequately consult the Taykwa Tagamou Nation regarding certain permits i ssued 
with respect to the Pamour Mine. Newmont and Goldcorp Canada Ltd. were named as defendants in this action. T 
The Government of Ontario has filed its Notice of Intention to Defend as of November 22, 2024 and Newmont filed 
their Notice of Intention to Defend as of January 15, 2025.  
Mineral Tenure and Royalties  
 
The mineral tenure, surface rights and royalty data for the Porcupine Complex are multifaceted, consisting of tenures 
over 100 years old, multiple ownership consolidations, and multiple levels of agreements and royalty interest 
consolidation as a result of  changes to the mineral title regime in Ontario. While verification of the status of the critical 
claims and material royalties was completed for the Mineral Resource estimates and operating mine areas, a detailed 
verification was not completed for tenures  outside these areas.  
Table 1 -13: Cash Flow Summary Table (US$)  
Description  Unit  Life-of-Mine Total/Average  
General Assumptions    
Gold price (long term)  $/oz 2,150  
Discount rate  % 5.0 
Production    
Total payable gold  koz 4,919  
Operating Costs    
Mining cost, Hoyle Pond  $/t milled  291 
Mining cost, Borden  $/t milled  126 
Mining cost, Pamour  $/t milled  18.90  
Processing cost - average  $/t milled  15.82  
Site general and administrative costs  $/t milled  8.09 
Cash Costs and All -in Sustaining Costs    
Total cash costs  $/oz Au  1,152  
All-in sustaining cost  $/oz Au  1,504  
Capital Expenditures    
Development capital  $M 218 
Exploration capital  $M 93 - 89 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Description  Unit  Life-of-Mine Total/Average  
Sustaining capital (excl. closure costs)  $M 1,352  
Closure costs  $M 722 
Economics    
Cumulative cash flow, pre -tax $M 2,770  
Cumulative cash flow, after -tax $M 1,823  
Pre-tax NPV @ 5%  $M 1,874  
Post-tax NPV @ 5%  $M 1,239  
Note: Cash costs defined as the sum of the mining, processing, and general and administrative operating costs, Cost 
Accounting Standards change in inventory, royalty payments and treatment and refining costs. Equates to costs 
applicable to sales plus treatment and refining costs. All -in sustaining costs include treatment and refining costs, 
total operating costs (e.g. operating costs including mining, processing and general and administrative, change in 
inventory, royalty payments, exploration expenses, reclamation accretion, and sustaining capital costs).  
 
Figure 1 -2: LOM Gold Production Forecast  
 
Note: Figure prepared by Discovery Silver, 2024. AISC = all -in sustaining costs. All -in sustaining costs include 
treatment and refining costs, total operating costs (e.g. operating costs including mining, processing and general and 
administrative, change in inventory, royalty payments, exploration expenses, reclamation accretion, and sustaining 
capital costs).  
- 90 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Figure 1 -3: LOM Post -Tax Free Cash Flow   
 
Note: Figure prepared by Discovery Silver, 2024. FCF = free cash flow.  
 
Figure 1 -4: Post -Tax Sensitivity Analysis   
 
Note: Figure prepared by Discovery Silver, 2024. Capex = capital cost estimate. Vertical axis is the post -tax NPV in 
US$M.  
 
The QPs have relied upon information from Newmont experts for this information. There is a risk that when a detailed 
audit is performed, issues may be identified, such as: arrears in or non -compliance with provincial reporting 
obligations; mis -identification of current royalty holders or changes i n individual royalty holder interests; mis -
correlation of royalty percentages, agreements, and royalty holders on legacy cell or boundary claims to the current 
claim boundaries; and the status of, or currency of, agreements not being up -to-date.  
- 91 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Mineral Resource Estimates  
 
Specific risks that may affect the individual estimates include:  
• Borden: most of the upside for the Mineral Resource estimate appears to lie on the far east side of the deposit 
and below Borden Lake and will require either drilling on the lake or new development drifts to support 
upgrades in confidence categories;  
 
• Dome: the Mineral Resource estimate relies partly on historic drill hole data with procedures for assaying, 
quality control and QA/QC that varied with time, and were not always well documented. Past verification 
work has indicated some local biases in assa y data that have been addressed in new work, but the data are 
still not fully verified;  
 
• Hoyle Pond: portions of the Mineral Resource are in small sized, narrow blocks with variable gold grades. A 
significant proportion of the estimate is at depths below 1,800 m below surface;  
 
• Pamour: the Mineral Resource estimate relies partly on historic drill hole data with procedures for assaying, 
quality control and QA/QC that varied with time, and were not always well documented.  
 
Water Supply, Hoyle Pond  
 
The Hoyle Pond Mine uses fresh water from a surface water source drawn by the neighbouring Glencore Kidd 
Metallurgical facility. Glencore has announced the closure of that facility in 2026. Alternative freshwater sources will 
be required, and are actively being considered.  
Opportunities  
 
Exploration and Mineral Resource Estimates  
 
Opportunities include:  
• Borden: the Borden property contains a large number of prospects hosted within similar rock types to those 
found at the Borden mine. These prospects have had little to no previous drilling;  
 
• Dome: there is potential to support upgrade of Inferred Mineral Resources to higher confidence categories 
through additional drilling, evaluating ways to address historical assay biases, and supporting studies. Within 
the pit and immediate surrounds are ar eas where the drill spacing is currently insufficient to classify Inferred 
Mineral Resources, and those blocks are currently treated as waste or are not included in the 2024 PEA plan. 
Infill drilling and supporting studies are required to support potential  resource classification in these areas. 
There is potential to support estimation of Mineral Resources potentially amenable to underground mining 
methods with additional drilling and supporting studies;  
 
• Hoyle Pond: numerous areas retain prospectivity, including the S Zone Deep, S Zone Upper, XMS Zone, 
Owl Creek Zone, TVZ Zone, PST Zone. These areas will require additional drilling and supporting studies 
to support Mineral Resource estimation;  
 
• Pamour: there is potential to support upgrade of Inferred Mineral Resources to higher confidence categories 
through additional drilling, evaluating ways to address historical assay biases, and supporting studies. There 
is potential to support estimation of  Mineral Resources potentially amenable to underground mining methods 
with additional drilling and supporting studies.  
 
Mining  
 
The QP identified the following opportunities to reduce mining costs and improve throughput at all 
operations, namely:  - 92 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
• At Borden, by:  
o Renegotiating the existing surface haulage contract;  
o Upgrading the underground haulage trucks from 40 t to 50 t;  
o Investigating the implementation of battery electric vehicle underground to reduce the consumption 
of diesel and support the ventilation upgrade timeline. Governmental funding may be available to 
partially offset capital costs;  
o Reviewing ground support design;  
o Locating a source of waste rock material on site to meet backfill requirements. This will eliminate 
the waste rock back -haul from the Dome site;  
o Upgrading backfill procedures;  
o Increasing the volume of fresh air delivered to the underground mine by sinking an exhaust raise;  
 
• At Hoyle Pond, by:  
o Increasing the volume of fresh air delivered to the underground mine;  
o Improving the quality of cemented paste fill and reviewing binder requirements and delivery 
procedures;  
o Identifying and addressing bottleneck(s) of the material handling system;  
o Reduce dilution and ground support costs by adopting the underhand cut -and-fill mining method 
across more areas while re -assessing the sustainability of long hole mining;  
o Enhancing automation and expanding the use of tele -remote systems for load –haul–dump 
operations, especially between shifts;  
o Studying an alternative mine design for the extension at depth of the S -vein;  
o Evaluating known zones of mineralization (e.g. TVZ), with the support of additional drilling and 
studies. These zones currently do not have Mineral Resource estimates, and so were not included in 
the 2024 PEA LOM plan;  
• At Pamour, by:  
o Developing short -term plans to reduce or eliminate the waste rock re -handling that is currently 
taking place to manage dumping of overburden material by mixing the overburden with waste rock;  
o Evaluating an alternative to the current mine truck haulage from Pamour to Dome, such as 
implementing a conveyor, a Rail -Veyor or a RIINO (electric haulage rail) system. This would 
reduce operating costs and improve efficiency;  
o Assessing the option of bringing in a contract drilling company for the bedrock pioneering work. 
This would be a short -term contract for drilling the uneven terrain below the overburden, but may 
be more efficient with AirTrack drills.  - 93 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Process  
 
The QP identified the following opportunities in the process discipline area:  
• Increase process plant utilization to industry standards:  
o Potential of 30% improvement on A Circuit and 15% on B circuit in comparison to the 2024 
performance numbers by completing an investigation into the mill maintenance program and 
maintenance plan execution;  
o Address ore handling issues with the wet Borden and Hoyle Pond underground muck during winter 
months;  
• Lower process operating costs:  
o Investigate monthly mill operating cost reports to understand why costs are higher than the first 
principles based budget and make required changes to achieve savings;  
• Increase metallurgical recoveries:  
o Address the high solution losses by investigating the carbon handling procedures and practices;  
o Optimize mill feed material grind size (find optimum between possible grind size and recoveries 
versus marginal operating cost increase). The opportunity of changing grind size from 120 µm to 
90 µm represents a 2 –2.5% increase in gold recovery;  
• Increase mill throughput:  
o Addition of dilution water to final tailings box is currently a bottleneck on overall plant throughput. 
The dilution is added in relation to meeting the cyanide code, while not operating the cyanide 
destruct circuit.  
o Debottlenecking final tailings dilution could allow up to 2,500 t/d more processed material.  
Interpretation and Conclusions  
 
Using the assumptions and parameters detailed for the 2024 PEA, which includes Inferred Mineral Resources in the 
2024 PEA mine plan, the conceptual economic analysis is positive.  
Recommendations  
 
A two -phase work program is planned at an estimated total cost of approximately US$75.9 M.  
The first work phase will consist of 1,911 m of extensions to exploration drifts at Borden and Hoyle Pond and 
construction of drill stations to allow for infill drill programs. It will also include a 600 m long, 5 m diameter, 
ventilation raise at Borden, a nd 500 m of exhaust raises at Hoyle Pond. The first work phase is estimated to require a 
budget of approximately US$31.3 M.  
The second work phase will consist of about 990 core holes (about 254,850 m) to be completed at Borden and Hoyle 
Pond. This drilling is estimated to cost about approximately US$44.6 M. A portion of the program can be conducted 
concurrently with the first w ork phase.  
 - 94 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS  
There are no restrictions that prevent the Corporation from paying dividends or distributions. However, the 
Corporation has not paid any dividends or distributions on its Common Shares since incorporation and there are no 
plans to pay dividends at this tim e. At present, all available funds are invested to finance the growth of the Corporation 
and the exploration and development of its mineral properties. Any decision to pay dividends on its Common Shares 
in the future will be made by the Board from time to time, in its discretion, on the basis of many factors, including 
Discovery’s earnings, operating results, financial condition, and anticipated cash needs and other conditions existing 
at such time.  
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
Common Shares  
The Corporation is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares. There are 402,348,373  Common 
Shares issued and outstanding as of the date of this AIF. Holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive notice of 
any meetings of shareholders of the Corporation, and to attend and to cast one vote per Common Share at all such 
meetings. Holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive on a pro rata basis such dividends on such Common 
Shares, if any, as and when declared by the Board at its discretion  from funds legally available therefor, and, upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, are entitled to receive on a pro rata basis the net assets of 
the Corporation after payment of debts and other liabilities, in each case subje ct to the rights, privileges, restrictions, 
and conditions attaching to any other series or class of shares ranking senior in priority to or on a pro rata basis with 
the holders of Common Shares with respect to dividends or liquidation. The Common Shares d o not carry any pre -
emptive, subscription, redemption, retraction, surrender, or conversion or exchange rights, nor do they contain any 
sinking or purchase fund provisions.  
In addition, the Corporation has Subscription Receipts which are convertible into Common Shares as described under 
“General Development of the Business – Three Year History – Recent Developments ”. The Corporation has also 
granted stock options, restricted share units and deferred share units under its stock option plan, restricted share unit 
plan, and deferred share unit plan, respectively, which, upon vesting, may be exercisable or redeemable, a s applicable, 
for Common Shares.  
Corporation ’s current Option Plan is set out  in the Corporation ’s Information Circular dated April 5, 2024 , filed on 
SEDAR + at www.sedar plus.ca.  
Restricted Share Unit s 
The Corporation  has adopted a Restricted Share Unit Plan ( “RSU Plan ”) pursuant to which the Board may grant 
Restricted Share Units ( each, an “RSU ”) to employees , officers,  and consultants of the Corporation and its affiliates. 
On the redemption date of an RSU, the holder thereof will be entitled to receive the equivalent number of Common 
Shares, or a cash amount equal to the number of Common Shares multiplied by the applicable share price as s et out 
in the RSU Plan, or a combination of cash and Common Shares , at the discretion of the Board . 
The Board may set vesting terms at the time of issuance of any RSUs. RSUs may be cancelled on the holder ’s cessation 
of engagement with the Corporation, subject to certain conditions set out in the RSU Plan. RSUs do not entitle the 
holders thereof to voting rights  or rights on dissolution or winding -up. 
A maximum number of Common Shares that may be reserved for issuance under the RSU Plan are subject to the 10% 
Maximum, as described above.  
The Corporation ’s current RSU Plan is set out  in the Corporation ’s Information Circular dated April 5, 2024 , filed on 
SEDAR + at www.sedar plus.ca.  
Deferred Share Unit s 
The Corporation  has adopted a Deferred  Share Unit Plan ( “DSU Plan ”) pursuant to which the Board may grant 
Deferred Share Units ( each, a “DSU”) to directors  of the Corporation and its affiliates. On the exercise of a DSU and 
the payment to the Corporation of the applicable exercise price therefor, the holder thereof will be entitled to receive 
the equivalent number of Common Shares.  - 95 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
The Board may set vesting terms at the time of issuance of any DSUs. DSUs may be cancelled on the holder ’s cessation 
of engagement with the Corporation, subject to certain conditions set out in the DSU Plan. DSUs do not entitle the 
holders thereof to voting rights or rights on dissolution or winding -up. 
A maximum number of Common Shares that may be reserved for issuance under the DSU Plan are subject to the 10% 
Maximum, as described above.  
The Corporation ’s current DSU Plan is set out  in the Corporation ’s Information Circular dated April 5, 2024 , filed on 
SEDAR + at www.sedar plus.ca.  
Issued and Outstanding Securities  
The following represents the Corporation’s current capital structure:  
Designation of 
Security  Number of Shares Authorized  Outstanding on 
December 31, 2024 Outstanding on  
March 26, 202 5 
Common Shares  Unlimited  400,461,244  402,348,373  
Options  Subject to 10% Maximum  15,851,875  15,801,875  
Warrants(1) N/A nil nil 
RSUs  Subject to 10% Maximum  5,600,615  3,763,486  
DSUs  Subject to 10% Maximum  2,375 ,997 2,375,997  
Subscription 
Receipts(1) N/A nil 275,000,000  
 
(1) As part of the financing package related to the acquisition of Porcupine, the Corporation issued 3,900,000 
share purchase warrants to Franco -Nevada Corporation at an exercise price of C$0.95 with a three -year 
expiry.  See “General Development of the Business – Three Year History – Recent Developments”.  
Principal Shareholders  
As at the date of this AIF, no person or company beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, or exercises control or 
direction over Common Shares carrying more than 10% of the outstanding voting rights attached to the Common 
Shares other than as follows:  
Name  Designation of Security  Number of Securities 
Owned (as of the date 
of this AIF)  Percentage of Securities 
Owned (as of the date of 
this AIF)  
2176423 Ontario Ltd.  Common Shares  89,531,054  22.4% 
2176423 Ontario Ltd.  Subscription Receipts  31,924,444  11.6%  
The 31,924,444 represents 11.6% of the 275,000,000 issued and outstanding Subscription Receipts.  
MARKET FOR SECURITIES  
Trading Activity and Volume  
The Corporation’s Common Shares currently trade on the TSX under the symbol “DSV”.  
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the reported high and low trading prices (in Canadian dollars) 
for each period and the aggregate volume of trading of the Common Shares on the TSX during the year ended  
December 31, 2024.  
 - 96 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
 Monthly  High  (C$) Monthly  Low  (C$) Volume  
2024     
January  0.79 0.52 9,352,300  
February  0.66 0.58 6,069,515  
March  0.80 0.61 8,373,764  
April  1.04 0.72 17,238,699  
May 1.33 0.85 17,214,402  
June 1.12 0.86 10,519,264  
July 1.0 0.84 9,991,221  
August  0.98 0.58 20,120,277  
September  0.80 0.52 13,094,910  
October  1.15 0.69 19,406,210  
November  0.97 0.77 6,880,348  
December  0.93 0.65 7,746,330  
    
2025     
January  1.62 0.71 36,511,333  
February  1.70 1.39 24,887,600  
March ( until March 25, 2025)  2.13 1.46 24,507,900  
 
The closing  price  of the Common  Shares  on the TSX  on March  25, 2025,  was C$2.03. 
 
Prior Sales  
Non-Trading Securities – Warrants  
In the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Corporation did not issue any warrants and did not have any 
warrants issued and outstanding.  
Non-Trading Securities – Options  
In the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Corporation did not issue any options . 
As at the date of this AIF, there were 15,801,875  Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Options 
at a weighted average exercise price of C$1. 63 per Common Share.  
Non-Trading Securities – Restricted Share Units and Deferred Share Units  
In the twelve months ended December 31, 202 4, the Corporation granted 3,239,529 RSUs and 900,000 DSUs . All 
900,000 DSUs and 3,079,000 RSUs were granted on March 5, 2024 and 160,529 RSUs were granted on June 1, 2024. 
The market price of a Common Share on March 5, 2024 was $0.70 and $1.08 on June 1, 2024.  
As at the date of this AIF, there were 3,763,486  Common Shares issuable upon the vesting of  outstanding RSUs  and 
2,375,997 Common shares issuable upon the vesting of outstanding DSUs .  
 - 97 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Share Ownership by Directors and Executive Officers  
As at December 31, 2024, and as at the date of this AIF, the directors and executive officers of the Corporation, as a 
group, beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction over, directly or indirectly, an aggregate of 6,393,069 
Common  Shares and 7,602,681 Common Shares, respectively, representing approximately 1.6% and 1.9%, 
respectively, of the issued and outstanding Common Shares as of such dates.  
On a partially diluted basis, assuming the exercise of all Options, RSUs and DSUs  the directors and executive officers 
of the Corporation, as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction over, directly or indirectly, an 
aggregate of 27,496,572 Common Shares representing approximately 6.5% of the issued and outstanding Common 
Shares as of December 31, 2024.   
As at the date of this AIF, the group beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction over, directly or indirectly, 
on a partially diluted basis, an aggregate of 35,374,839  Common Shares representing approximately 8.2% of the issued 
and outstanding Common Shares.  
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE CORPORATION  
As of the date of this AIF, the name, province or state and country of residence, position or office held with the 
Corporation, and principal occupation for the immediately preceding five years of each of the directors and executive 
officers of the Corporation are as follows, with all companies listed still carrying on business as of the date hereof 
unless otherwise noted.  
Name, Position, 
Residence  Principal Occupation for Five Preceding Years  Director Since  
TONY MAKUCH(4)(8)  
Ontario, Canada  
President, CEO and 
Director  Current President and CEO and prior I nterim CEO of 
Discovery Silver Corp. since June 2022. Chair of the Board of 
Wallbridge Mining Company Limited since April 2022  (not 
standing for re -election) , previously a board member since 
December 2019. B oard member of West Red Lake Gold 
Mines Ltd. since June 2023  (not standing for re -election) . 
Former President and CEO of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. prior 
to their merger with Agnico Eagle Mines Limited, from 2016 
to 2022.  April 11, 2022  
ANDREAS L’ABBÉ  
Ontario, Canada  
CFO and Corporate 
Secretary  CFO of Discovery Silver Corp. since December 2017 and 
Corporate Secretary of Discovery Silver Corp. since August 
2018.  N/A 
GERNOT WOBER 
Ontario, Canada  
VP Exploration  VP of Exploration of Discovery Silver Corp. since July 2018.  N/A 
FORBES GEMMELL  
Ontario, Canada  
VP Corporate 
Development  VP of Corporate Development of Discovery Silver Corp. since 
January 2020.  N/A 
MARK UTTING  
Ontario, Canada  
VP, Investor Relations  VP of Investor Relations of Discovery Silver corp. since 
February 2024.  Senior Vice President, Finance for Karora 
Resources from January 2023 to September 2023 . Prior that 
that Senior Vice President, Investor Relations at Kirkland 
Lake Gold Ltd. from June 2017 to February 2022 . N/A - 98 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
Name, Position, 
Residence  Principal Occupation for Five Preceding Years  Director Since  
DIMITRY 
DEMIANYUK, 
Vancouver, Canada  
VP, Projects  Vice President  of Projects at Discovery Silver Corp. and prior 
Director of Projects since October 2021. Previously Senior 
Project Manager with Pure Gold Mining from June 2019 to 
September 2021 . N/A 
GORDO N LEAVOY  
Ontario, Canada  
VP Mineral Processing  VP Mineral Processing at Discovery Silver Corp. since June 
2023. Vice President Mineral Processing and Accountable 
Executive Officer for tailings at Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. from 
2017 to 2022.  N/A 
ROMAN SOLIS  
Sonora, Mexico  
SVP Mexico  VP Mexico of Discovery Silver Corp. since January 2023 and 
previously C ountry Manager of Discovery Silver Corp. since 
January 2018.  N/A 
JOSÉ JABALERA  
Chihuahua, Mexico  
VP Corporate Affairs and 
Sustainability, Mexico  VP of Corporate Affairs and Sustainability, Mexico, of 
Discovery Silver Corp. since February 2023. General Director 
of Mining Development in the Federal Ministry of Economy, 
Mexico from 2019 to 2022.  N/A 
MURRAY JOHN(3)(4) 
British Columbia, Canada  
Director and Chairman  Retired mining engineer, investment fund manager and mining 
industry executive. He is also Chairman of Prime Mining 
Corp., Lead Director of O3 Mining Inc., and a Director of 
Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd.  June 27, 2017  
JEFF PARR(3)(4) 
Ontario, Canada  
Director  Vice Chair of the Board of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited and 
prior to the merger of the two companies, served as Chair of 
the Board of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. from May 2019 . August 20, 2017  
MOIRA SMITH(5)(7) 
Nevada, USA  
Director  Director of Galiano Gold Corp. since June 2024. Corporate 
Technical Advisor for Liberty Gold Corp. since January 2023. 
Former Vice President, Exploration and Geoscience of Liberty 
Gold Corp. and President of Pilot Gold USA Inc.  from June 
2015 to January 2023 . June 26, 2019  
DANIEL 
VICKERMAN(3)(6)  
Andorra  
Director  Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Blackrock 
Silver Corp . and Director of Blackrock Silver Corp.  since 
August 2020  and Director of Yukon Metals Corp. since June 
2024. Former Managing Director, Head of UK of Beacon 
Securities UK  from September 2016 to November 2019 , and 
Director of Levon Resources Ltd.  from October 2015 to May 
2019   August 2, 2019  
JENNIFER 
WAGNER(4)(5)(6)  
Ontario, Canada  
Director  Director of Stllr Gold Inc. since June 2024 and former director 
of Generation mining Ltd. from February 2021 to June 2024. 
Previously the Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs 
and Sustainability at Kirkland Lake Gold from March 2021 to 
March 2022 a nd the former SVP Corporate Affairs and VP 
Legal of Kirkland Lake Gold from July 2015 to March 2021.  March 12, 2021  
BARRY OLSON (3)(5)(7)  
Idaho , USA  
Director  Advisory Committee member for Agnico Eagle Mines 
Limited and a former Director of Kirkland Lake Gold from 
October 2014 to February 2021 prior to the merger of the two 
companies.  August 21, 2023  
Notes:  - 99 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
(1) This information, not being within the knowledge of the Corporation, has been furnished by the respective 
nominees. Information provided as at the date of this AIF.  
(2) The Corporation does not set expiry dates for the terms of office of Directors. Each Director holds office as long 
as he is elected annually by Shareholders at Annual General Meetings, unless his office is earlier vacated in 
accordance with the Article s of the Corporation.  
(3) Member of the Audit Committee.  
(4) Member of the Compensation Committee.  
(5) Member of the Sustainability Committee.  
(6) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee . 
(7)   Member of the Technical Committee  
(8) Tony Makuch was appointed Interim CEO on June 3, 2022, and appointed President and CEO on January 23, 
2023.  
The term of office of each of the Corporation’s directors expires at the Corporation’s next Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM ”) at which directors are elected for the upcoming year or when his successor is duly elected, or earlier in 
accordance with the by -laws of the Corporation.  
At the date of this AIF, the number and percentage of securities of each class of voting securities of the Corporation 
or any of its subsidiaries beneficially owned, or controlled or directed, directly or indirectly, by all directors and 
executive officers  of the Corporation are as follows:  
Designation of Security  Number of Security Owned by 
Directors and Officers, as a Group  Percentage of Securities Owned by 
Directors and Officers, as a Group  
Common Shares  7,602,681  1.9% 
Subscription Receipts  9,777,740  3.6%  
Options  12,970,000  82.1% 
RSUs  2,648,421  70.4% 
DSUs  2,375,997  100%  
 
CEASE TRADE ORDERS, BANKRUPTCIES, PENALTIES, OR SANCTIONS  
Except as disclosed below no director or executive officer of Discovery is, as at the date of this AIF, or has been, 
within 10 years before the date of this AIF, a director, chief financial officer, or chief executive officer of any company 
(including the Corporation) that:  
(a) was subject to a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any 
exemption under securities legislation, in each case that was in effect for a period of more than 30 consecutive 
days (any such order, an “ Order ”) that was issued while that person was acting in that capacity; or  
(b) was subject to an Order that was issued after that person ceased to act in such capacity and which Order 
resulted from an event that occurred while that person was acting in that capacity.  
No director or executive officer of the Corporation, or shareholder holding a sufficient number of Common Shares to 
materially affect the control of the Corporation:  
(a) is, at the date of this AIF, or has been within 10 years before the date of this AIF, a director or executive 
officer of any company (including the Corporation) that, while that person was acting in that capacity, or 
within a year of that person ceasing to  act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any 
legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement 
or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appo inted to hold its assets; or  - 100 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
(b) has, within the 10 years before the date of this AIF, become bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation 
relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, or become subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or 
compromise with creditors, or had a receiv er, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold his or her assets.  
No director or executive officer of the Corporation holding a sufficient number of securities of the Corporation to 
affect, materially, the control of the Corporation has been subject to:  
(a) any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court relating to securities legislation or by a securities regulatory 
authority or has entered into a settlement agreement with a securities regulatory authority; or  
(b) any other penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body that would likely be considered 
important to a reasonable investor in making an investment decision.  
The information contained in this AIF as to ownership of securities of the Corporation, corporate cease trade orders, 
bankruptcies, penalties, or sanctions, and existing or potential conflicts of interest, not being within the knowledge of 
the Corporation,  has been provided by each director and executive officer of the Corporation individually.  
Murray John was a director of African Minerals Limited, a company that through an insolvency process appointed 
Deloitte LLP as its administrator on March 26, 2015.   
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  
Except as disclosed herein, to the knowledge of management of the Corporation, there are no existing or potential 
material conflicts of interest between the Corporation and any of its subsidiaries and any director or officer of the 
Corporation. Directors a nd officers of the Corporation may serve as directors and/or officers of other companies or 
have significant shareholdings in other resource companies and, to the extent that such other companies may 
participate in ventures in which the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries may participate, the directors of the 
Corporation may have a conflict of interest in negotiating and conducting terms in respect of such participation. If 
such conflict of interest arises at a meeting of the Board, a director who has su ch a conflict is required to disclose such 
conflict and abstain from voting for or against the approval of such participation or such terms.  
INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS  
Except as disclosed in this AIF, no director, executive officer, or shareholder beneficially owning or exercising control 
or direction over, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the Common Shares, and no associate or affiliate of the 
foregoing persons has or has had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction during the current fiscal 
year or within the three most recently completed financial years or in any proposed transaction which, in either such 
case, has materially affected or is  reasonably expected to materially affect the Corporation.  
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS  
The Corporation is not currently,  and has not at any time during its most  recently completed financial year, been a 
party to, nor has any of its property been the subject of, any material legal  proceedings or regulatory actions. The 
Corporation is not aware of any such proceedings or actions threatened or  known to be contemplated.  
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR  
As of the date of this AIF, the registrar and transfer agent for the Corporation’s Common Shares is TSX Trust 
Company, located at 650 West Georgia Street, Suite 2700, Vancouver, BC V6B 4N9.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
There were no  material contracts entered into by the Corporation during the financial year ended December 31, 2024 , 
and from January 1, 2025 , until the date of this AIF, or before the financial year ended December 31, 2024 , but which 
are still in effect, other than  the following:  
• subscription receipt agreement among the Corporation, BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., SCP Resource 
Finance LP,  and TSX Trust Company, dated February 3, 2025;  
• the Implementation Agreement; and  - 101 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
• the Porcupine Acquisition Agreement.  
A copy of each of the aforementioned agreements is available under the Corporation’s SEDAR+ profile at 
www.sedarplus.ca . 
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS  
The Corporation relies on experts to audit its annual consolidated financial statements, and to prepare mineral resource 
estimates on certain of the Corporation’s mineral properties, and related technical reports.  
Qualified Persons  
Each of the authors of the following Technical Reports referenced in this AIF is a Qualified Person:  
Technical Report  Qualified Person  
Cordero Silver Project: NI 43 -101 
Technical Report & Feasibility 
Study (Chihuahua State, Mexico)  
(February 16, 2024) and a report 
date of March 28, 2024  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tommaso Roberto Raponi, P. Eng., Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC  
Jonathan Cooper, P. Eng., Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC  
Scott Weston, P. Geo., Ausenco Sustainability ULC  
John McCartney, C. Geol., Ausenco Chile Limitada  
Willie Hamilton, P. Eng., AGP Mining Consultants Inc.  
Rae Mohan Srivastava, P. Geo., Red Dot 3D Inc.  
Nadia Caira, P. Geo., Discovery Silver Corp.  
Humberto Preciado, PE, WSP USA Environment & Infrastructure Inc.  
Blake Easby, PE, WSP USA Environment & Infrastructure Inc.  
Porcupine Complex, Ontario, 
Canada, Technical Report on 
Preliminary Economic Assessment, 
dated January 28, 2025, with an 
effective date of January 13, 2025  Eric Kallio, P. Geo.  
Pierre Rocque, P. Eng., Ro cque Engineering Inc.  
Dr. Ryan Barnett, P. Geo., Resource Modeling Solutions Ltd  
 
Unless otherwise stated, Gernot Wober, P. Geo., the Corporation’s Vice President Exploration and a ‘Qualified 
Person’ and Pierre Rocque, P.Eng., an Independent Consultant to the Corporation  and an independent ‘Qualified 
Person’, have prepared and approved the Scientific and Technical Information in this AIF.  
Based on information provided by the experts as at the date of this AIF, the experts named above did not have any 
registered or beneficial interest, direct or indirect, in any securities or other property of the Corporation or one of its 
associates or affi liates, when the experts prepared their respective reports, and no securities or other property of the 
Corporation or one of its associates or affiliates were subsequently received or are to be received by such experts.  
Auditors  
The Corporation’s Independent auditors are PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants who 
have prepared an independent auditor’s report dated March 26, 2025, in respect of the Corporation’s consolidated 
financial statements as at Decemb er 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years then ended. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
has advised that they are independent with respect to the Corporation within the meaning of the relevant rules and 
related interpretations prescribed by Chartered Professional Ac countants of Ontario CPA Code of Professional 
Conduct and any applicable legislations and regulations.  
 - 102 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
BOARD COMMITTEES  
The Board has five standing committees: (i) Audit; (ii) Compensation; (iii) Nominating and Corporate Governance; 
(iv) Technical; and (v) Sustainability. Details as to the composition and mandate of the audit committee of the Board 
(the “ Audit Committee ”), are described in this AIF under the heading “ Information Concerning the Audit Committee 
and External Auditor ”; details related to the mandates and composition of the Compensation, Nominating and 
Governance, and Sustainability Committees are described in the Corporation’s Information Circular dated April 5,  
2024, filed on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca . - 103 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR  
Audit Committee Charter  
The Corporation’s Audit Committee has a written charter to follow in carrying out its audit and financial review 
functions (the “ Audit Committee Charter ”), a copy of which is attached to this AIF as Schedule A . The Audit 
Committee reviews all financial statements of the Corporation prior to their publication, reviews audits, considers the 
adequacy of audit procedures, recommends the appointment of independent auditors, reviews and approves the 
professional serv ices to be rendered by them, and reviews fees f or audit services. The Audit Committee meets 
separately (without management present) with the Corporation’s auditors to discuss the various aspects of the 
Corporation’s financial statements and the independent audit.  
The Corporation has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the “ Code of Ethics ”) that applies to all 
personnel of the Corporation. A copy of the Code of Ethics is attached as Schedule B  to this AIF. Employees of the 
Corporation are encouraged to report suspected violations of the Code of Ethics to the ‘Complaints Officer’. The 
Complaints Officer is the Chair of the Audit Committee. Suspected violations are also reported to the CEO and CFO. 
In addition, the Corporation has established a 24/7, 36 5 day a year confidential whistleblower hotline operated by an 
external service provider.  
 
Composition of the Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee was constituted on September 13, 2017, by resolution of the Board. As of the date of this AIF, 
the members of the Audit Committee are Jeffrey Parr, Murray John, Barry Olson and Daniel Vickerman, each of 
whom is “independent” and “financially literate” for the purposes of National Instrument 52 -110 – Audit Committees .  
Relevant Education and Experience  
The following is a description of the education and experience of each Audit Committee member that is relevant to 
the performance of his or her responsibilities as an Audit Committee member:  
Jeffrey Parr  
Mr. Parr is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA, CA 1984) and holds a Master of Business Administration from 
McMaster University and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Western Ontario. Mr. Parr has over 
30 years of executive manage ment experience in the mining and service provider industries. He joined Centerra Gold 
in 2006 and was appointed Chief Financial Officer in 2008 where he served until his retirement in 2016. From 1997 
to 2006 he worked for Acres International as Chief Fina ncial Officer and from 1988 to 1997, held progressively senior 
financial positions at WMC International (a subsidiary of Western Mining Corporation responsible for operations and 
exploration in the Americas), ultimately serving as the Corporation’s Executi ve Vice President. He is also Vice Chair 
of the Board of Directors of Agnico Eagle Mines Limited.  
Mr. Parr is a member of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Professional Accountants and has obtained the ICD.D 
designation from the Institute of Corporate Directors.   
Murray John  
Mr. John currently serves as Chair of Prime Mining Corp. and is a Director of Osisko  Gold Royalties Ltd. Prior to his 
retirement in December 2014, he was the President and CEO of Dundee Resources Limited, and Managing Director 
and a Portfolio Manager with Goodman & Company, Investment Counsel Inc., where he was responsible for managing 
Private Equity resource and precious metals focused mutual funds and flow -through limited partnerships. He is also a 
former director of several other public companies including Breakwater Resources Ltd., Dundee Precious Metals Inc., 
Osisko Mining Inc., and O 3 Mining Inc. Mr. John is a mining engineer and has been involved with the resource 
investment industry since 1992 working as an investment banker, buy -side mining analyst, sell -side mining analyst, 
and portfolio manager . . 
Daniel Vickerman  
Mr. Vickerman joined the Board through Discovery’s Levon Transaction, as described above, where he was Board 
Chairman. Mr. Vickerman is a seasoned institutional sales and corporate finance professional with 25 years of - 104 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
experience in the financial industry. Mr. Vickerman currently serves on the Board s of Yukon Metals  Corp. and 
Blackrock Silver  and is  the Senior Vice President of Corporate Development of Blackrock Silver and formerly, 
Managing Director, Head of UK of Beacon Securities UK from 2016 to 2019 and former Managing Director, Head 
of UK for Edgecrest Capital. Prior to joining Edgecrest Capi tal UK, Mr. Vickerman was Managing Director, Co -Head 
of Canadian Equity Sales UK at Canaccord Genuity. Mr. Vickerman also form erly worked at Thomas Weisel Partners 
where he served as Senior Vice President. Daniel spent over four years at a London based alternative asset manager 
with over $400 million AUM, trading commodities and FX Mr. Vickerman has extensive experience working w ith 
mineral exploration and development companies, raising over $1 billion for private and listed companies. Recently 
Mr. Vickerman has raised over $100 million for U.S and Canadian Cannabis companies. He holds a Bachelor of Arts, 
Economics from the Univer sity of Western Ontario.  
Barry Olson  
Mr. Olson has over 30 years' experience in strategic management and leadership in engineering, construction, start -
up and operations of large -scale mining projects. Prior to his retirement in 2013, Barry was Senior Vice President of 
Project Development wit h Goldcorp Inc. During his time with Goldcorp (2006 – 2013) Barry was responsible for the 
successful development of Peñasquito, one of the largest open pit mine in Mexico, on schedule and on budget, as well 
as other major development projects in Chile, Arg entina and Canada. Prior to Goldcorp, Barry held general manager 
roles with Coeur Mining Inc. (2001 – 2006) and Amax Gold Inc. (1988 – 1998). Barry is currently on the Advisory 
Committee for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. and is also a former Director of Kirkland  Lake Gold Inc. (2014 – 2021).  
Auditors  
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP has been the Corporation’s external auditor since September 13, 2017. The auditors  
conduct the annual audit of Discovery’s consolidated financial statements and on occasion, provides audit -related, tax 
and other services. The auditors  report to the Audit Committee.  
Reliance on Certain Exemptions  
Since the commencement of the financial year ended December 31, 2023 , Discovery has not relied on any of the 
following:  
(a) the exemption in section 2.4 of National Instrument 52 -110 – Audit Committees  (“NI 52 -110”) (De Minimis 
Non-audit Services);  
(b) the exemption in section 3.2 of NI 52 -110 ( Initial Public Offerings ); 
(c) the exemption in section 3.4 of NI 52 -110 ( Events Outside Control of Member ); 
(d) the exemption in section 3.5 of NI 52 -110 ( Death, Disability or Resignation of Audit Committee Member ); 
(e) an exemption from of NI 52 -110, in whole or in part, granted under Part 8 of NI 52 -110 ( Exemptions ); 
(f) the exemption in subsection 3.3(2) of NI 52 -110 ( Controlled Companies ); 
(g) the exemption in section 3.6 of NI 52 -110 ( Temporary Exemption for Limited and Exceptional 
Circumstances ); or 
(h) the exemption in section 3.8 of NI 52 -110 ( Acquisition of Financial Literacy ). 
Audit Committee Oversight  
At no time during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, was a 
recommendation of the Audit Committee to nominate or compensate an external auditor not adopted by the Board.  
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  
As of the date of this AIF, the Audit Committee has not adopted specific policies or procedures for the engagement 
of non -audit services however as a best practice, any non -audit service provided to the date of this AIF has had formal 
approval by the Audit  Committee.  - 105 - 
 
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form    
 
External Auditor Service Fees  
The following table shows the fees paid, net of 7% administrative surcharge, by the Corporation to the Auditors for 
services in the years ended December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023:  
 Year Ended December 31, 2024  Year Ended December 31, 2023  
Audit Fees  $242,540  $215,297  
Audit -Related Fees  $nil $nil 
Tax Fees  $19,260  $18,680  
All Other Fees  $nil $nil 
Total  $261,800  $233,977  
 
For 202 4, the external auditors have billed work of approximately $ 137,000 for annual audit fees  for 2023, also for 
2024, the external auditors have billed work in 2025 of approximately $108,000 for annual audit fees.  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
Additional information, including particulars of directors’ and officers’ remuneration and indebtedness, principal 
holders of the Corporation’s securities and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, where 
applicable, is contained in the Corporation’s Information Circular dated April 5, 2024. Additional financial 
infor mation is also provided in Audited Financial Statements, and the related MD&A.  
A copy of such documents, and of this AIF, as well as additional information relating to the Corporation, is available 
on SEDAR+ under the Corporation’s profile at www.sedarplus.ca . Copies may also be obtained upon request from 
the Corporate Secretary of the Corporation. The Corporation may require payment of a reasonable charge if the request 
is made by a person who is not a holder of securities of the Corporation. Information on t he Corporation’s website is 
not part of this AIF or incorporated by reference.  
Additional information relating to the Corporation may be found on SEDAR+ under the Corporation’s profile at 
www.sedarplus.ca . 
[The rest of this page intentionally left blank]   
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-1 
 
SCHEDULE A – AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER  
This Charter governs the operations of the Audit Committee (the “ Committee ”) of Discovery Silver Corp. (“ Discovery 
Silver ” or the “ Corporation ”). 
 
PURPOSE  
 
The purpose of the Committee shall be to provide assistance to the Board of Directors (the “Board”) in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibility to the shareholders of the Corporation, potential shareholders, the investment community and others, relating 
to: (i) the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements; (ii) the Corporation’s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements relating to disclosure of financial information and any other matters as may be required; and (iii) the independ ent 
auditors’ qualifications and independence.  
 
The Committee shall retain and compensate such outside legal, accounting or other advisors as it considers necessary in 
discharging its role. In fulfilling its purpose, the Committee shall maintain free and open communication between the 
Committee, the ind ependent auditors and management of the Corporation, and determine that all parties are aware of their 
responsibilities.  
 
COMPOSITION  
 
• The Committee shall be composed of three or more directors as shall be designated by the Board from time to time.  
• Sufficient members of the Committee shall be “independent” and “financially literate” (as such terms are defined 
under applicable securities laws and exchange requirements for audit committee purposes) so as to comply with 
applicable securities laws and st ock exchange rules.  
• Each member of the Committee shall be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a 
company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement.  
• At least one member of the Committee shall have sufficient experience to be considered a Financial Expert, where 
such determined by having been a chief financial officer, chartered or certified public accountant, certified 
management accountant, or partner  of an accounting firm.  
• Members of the Committee shall be appointed at a meeting of the Board, typically held immediately after the annual 
shareholders’ meeting. Each member shall serve until his/her successor is appointed unless he/she shall resign or be 
removed by the Board, or  he/she shall otherwise cease to be a director of the Corporation. Any member may be 
removed or replaced at any time by the Board.  
• Where a vacancy occurs at any time in the membership of the Committee, it may be filled by a vote of a majority of 
the Board.  
• The Chair of the Committee may be designated by the Board or, if it does not do so, the members of the Committee 
may elect a chair by vote of a majority of the full Committee membership. The Chair of the Committee shall be an 
independent director (as descr ibed above); the position of Chair of the Committee shall not be filled by the current 
Chair of the Board.  
• If the Chair of the Committee is not present at any meeting of the Committee, one of the other members of the 
Committee present at the meeting shall be chosen by the Committee to preside.  
• The Committee shall appoint a secretary (the “ Secretary ”) who need not be a member of the Committee or a director 
of the Corporation. The Secretary shall keep minutes of the meetings of the Committee. This role is normally filled 
by the Secretary of the Corporation.  
• No Committee member shall simultaneously serve on the audit committee of more than two other public companies 
with active business operations or significant assets.  
  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-2 
 
MEETINGS  
 
• The Committee shall meet at least quarterly, at the discretion of the Chair or a majority of its members, as 
circumstances dictate or as may be required by applicable legal or listing requirements, provided that meetings of 
the Committee shall be convened whenever requested by the external auditors (the “ Independent Auditors ”) or 
any member of the Committee.  
• The Chair of the Committee shall prepare and/or approve an agenda in advance of each meeting.  
• Notice of the time and place of every meeting may be given orally, in writing, by facsimile or by e -mail to each 
member of the Committee at least 48 hours prior to the time fixed for such meeting.  
• A member may in any manner waive notice of the meeting. Attendance of a member at the meeting shall constitute 
waiver of notice of the meeting, except where a member attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to 
the transaction of any business on the grounds that the meeting was not lawfully called.  
• Any member of the Committee may participate in the meeting of the Committee by means of conference telephone 
or other communication equipment, and the member participating in a meeting pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
deemed, for purposes hereof, to be present in person at the meeting.  
• A majority of Committee members, present in person, by video -conference, by telephone or by a combination 
thereof, shall constitute a quorum.  
• If within one hour of the time appointed for a meeting of the Committee, a quorum is not present, the meeting shall 
stand adjourned to the same hour on the second business day following the date of such meeting at the same place. 
If at the adjourned meetin g a quorum as hereinbefore specified is not present within one hour of the time appointed 
for such adjourned meeting, such meeting shall stand adjourned to the same hour on the second business day 
following the date of such meeting at the same place. If at  the second adjourned meeting a quorum as hereinbefore 
specified is not present, the quorum for the adjourned meeting shall consist of the members then present.  
• If and whenever a vacancy shall exist, the remaining members of the Committee may exercise all of its powers and 
responsibilities so long as a quorum remains in office.  
• At all meetings of the Committee, every question shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast. In case of an 
equality of votes, the matter will be referred to the Board for decision. Any decision or determination of the 
Committee reduced to writing and  signed by all of the members of the Committee shall be fully effective as if it had 
been made at a meeting duly called and held.  
• The CEO and CFO are expected to be available to attend meetings, but a portion of every meeting will be reserved 
for in camera discussion without the CEO or CFO, or any other member of management, being present.  
• The Committee may by specific invitation have other resource persons in attendance such officers, directors and 
employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and other persons, including the Independent Auditors, as it may 
see fit, from time to time, to attend at meetings of the Committee.  
• The Board may at any time amend or rescind any of the provisions hereof, or cancel them entirely, with or without 
substitution.  
• The Committee shall have the right to determine who shall and who shall not be present at any time during a meeting 
of the Committee.  
• Minutes of Committee meetings shall be sent to all Committee members.  
• The Chair of the Committee shall report periodically the Committee’s findings and recommendations to the Board.  
 
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  
 
The Committee has the responsibilities and powers set forth in this Charter. Management is responsible for the preparation, 
presentation and integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements, for the appropriateness of the accounting principles an d 
repor ting policies that are used by the Corporation and for implementing and maintaining internal control over financial  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-3 
 
reporting. The Independent Auditors are responsible for auditing the Corporation’s financial statements and, if requested by 
the Committee, for reviewing the Corporation’s unaudited interim financial statements.  
 
The Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to its responsibilities, and it may request the 
Independent Auditors as well as any officer of the Corporation, or legal counsel for the Corporation, to attend a meeting of 
the Commit tee or to meet with any members of, or advisors to, the Committee. The Committee shall have unrestricted access 
to the books and records of the Corporation and has the authority to retain, at the expense of the Corporation, special legal , 
accounting, or ot her consultants or experts to assist in the performance of the Committee’s duties.  
 
The Corporation believes that, in carrying out the Committee’s responsibilities, its policies and procedures should remain 
flexible, in order to best react to changing conditions and circumstances. The Committee will take appropriate actions to set  
the ove rall corporate “tone” for quality financial reporting and ethical behaviour.  
 
The following shall be the principal duties and responsibilities of the Committee and the Chair of the Committee (the 
“Chair ”). These are set forth as a guide with the understanding that the Committee may supplement them as it considers 
appropriate.  
 
Chair  
 
To carry out its oversight responsibilities, the Chair of the Committee shall undertake the following:  
 
• provide leadership to the Committee with respect to its functions as described in this Charter and as otherwise may 
be appropriate, including overseeing the logistics of the operations of the Committee;  
• chair meetings of the Committee, unless not present (including in camera sessions), and report to the Board following 
each meeting of the Committee on the findings, activities and any recommendations of the Committee;  
• ensure that the Committee meets on a regular basis and at least four times per year;  
• in consultation with the Committee members, establish a calendar for holding meetings of the Committee;  
• establish the agenda for each meeting of the Committee, with input from other Committee members, and any other 
parties, as applicable;  
• ensure that Committee materials are available to any director on request;  
• act as liaison and maintain communication with the Chair of the Board (or Lead Director if an individual other than 
the Chair) and the Board to optimize and coordinate input from Board members, and to optimize the effectiveness 
of the Committee. This inclu des, at least annually and at such other times and in such manner as the Committee 
considers advisable, reporting to the full Board on:  
• all proceedings and deliberations of the Committee;  
• the role of the Committee and the effectiveness of the Committee in contributing to the objectives and responsibilities 
of the Board as a whole; and  
• principal operating and business risks identified by management and how each are either mitigated or managed.  
• ensure that the members of the Committee understand and discharge their duties and obligations;  
• foster ethical and responsible decision making by the Committee and its individual members;  
• encourage Committee members to ask questions and express viewpoints during meetings;  
• together with the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, oversee the structure, composition, 
membership and activities delegated to the Committee from time to time;  
• ensure that resources and expertise are available to the Committee so that it may conduct its work effectively and 
efficiently and pre -approve work to be done for the Committee by consultants;  
• facilitate effective communication between members of the Committee and management;   
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-4 
 
• encourage the Committee to meet in separate, regularly scheduled, non -management, closed sessions with the 
Independent Auditors;  
• attend each meeting of shareholders to respond to any questions from shareholders as may be put to the Chair; and  
• perform such other duties and responsibilities as may be delegated to the Chair by the Board from time to time.  
Committee  
 
• The Committee shall be responsible for advising the Board, for the Board’s recommendation to shareholders, in 
respect of the appointment, compensation and retention of the Independent Auditors.  
• The Committee shall be directly responsible for the oversight of the work of the Independent Auditors (including 
resolution of any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting) for the purpose 
of preparing or issuing an a udit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Corporation, and 
the Independent Auditors must report directly to the Committee.  
• At least annually, the Committee shall obtain and review a report by the Independent Auditors describing: (i) the 
firm’s internal quality control processes; (ii) any sanctions made by any government or professional authorities 
respecting independent audits  carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; and (iii) all 
relationships between the Independent Auditors and the Corporation.  
• After reviewing the foregoing report and the Independent Auditors’ work throughout the year, and after receiving 
written confirmation from the auditors declaring their independence, the Committee shall evaluate the auditors’ 
qualifications, performance and  independence. Such evaluation shall include the review and evaluation of the lead 
partner of the Independent Auditors and take into account the opinions of management and any other Corporation 
personnel involved in the preparation of the Corporation’s fin ancial statements.  
• The Committee shall determine that the Independent Auditors have a process in place to address the rotation of the 
lead audit partner and other audit partners servicing the Corporation’s account as required under Canadian 
independence standards.  
• The Committee shall pre -approve all audit and non -audit services provided by the Independent Auditors and shall 
only engage the Independent Auditors to perform non -audit services permitted by law or regulation. The Committee 
may delegate pre -approval autho rity to a member of the Audit Committee. The decisions of any Committee member 
to whom pre -approval authority is delegated must be presented to the full Committee at its next scheduled meeting.  
• The Committee shall discuss with the Independent Auditors the overall scope and plans for their respective audits, 
including the adequacy of staffing and compensation, as well as any procedures relating to attestation on the 
Corporation’s Extractive Sector  Transparency Measures Act (“ESTMA”) reporting.  
• The Committee shall regularly review with the Independent Auditors any audit problems or difficulties encountered 
during the course of the audit work, including any restrictions on the scope of the Independent Auditors’ activities 
or access to requested in formation, and management’s response. The Committee shall also review with the auditors: 
any accounting adjustments that were noted or proposed by the auditors but were “passed” (as immaterial or 
otherwise); any communications between the audit team and th e audit firm’s national office relating to problems or 
difficulties encountered with respect to significant auditing or accounting issues; and any “management” or “internal 
control” letter issued, or proposed to be issued, by the audit firm to the Corporat ion. 
• The Committee shall review and recommend approval of the quarterly financial statements for submission to the 
Board, as well as the related management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
(“MD&A ”), prior to the release and filing thereof. The Committee shall also discuss with the independent auditors 
the results of the auditors’ quarterly review or other involvement in the preparation of the quarterly statements, as 
well as any other matters requ ired to be communicated to the Committee by the independent auditors under 
applicable professional guidelines. The Committee shall discuss and review with management the quarterly 
certification with respect to financial matters mandated by applicable securities laws.  
• The Committee shall review and recommend approval of the annual audited financial statements for submission to 
the Board, as well as the related MD&A, prior to the release and filing thereof. The Committee’s review of the 
financial statements shall include : (i) consideration of any major issues regarding accounting principles and financial 
statement presentation, including any significant changes in the Corporation’s selection or application of accounting  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-5 
 
principles, any major issues as to the adequacy of the Corporation’s internal controls and any specific remedial 
actions adopted in light of material control deficiencies; (ii) discussions with management and the Independent 
Auditors regarding significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of 
the financial statements and the reasonableness of those judgments; (iii) consideration of the effect of regulatory 
accounting initiatives, as well as off -balance sheet str uctures on the financial statements; (iv) consideration of the 
judgment of both management and the Independent Auditors about the quality of accounting principles; and (v) 
consideration of the clarity of the disclosure in the financial statements. The Comm ittee shall also discuss with the 
Independent Auditors the results of the annual audit and any other matters required to be communicated to the 
Committee by the Independent Auditors under applicable professional guidelines. The Committee shall discuss and 
review with management the annual certification with respect to financial matters mandated by applicable securities 
laws.  
• The Committee shall also receive and review a report from the Independent Auditors, prior to the release and filing 
of the Corporation’s annual audited financial statements, on all critical accounting policies and practices of the 
Corporation, any potentia l alternative treatment of financial information within generally accepted accounting 
principles that have been discussed with management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative 
treatment for the disclosure in the financial statements a nd the treatment preferred by the Independent Auditors, and 
all other material written communications between the Independent Auditors and management.  
• The Committee shall review and approve all related party transactions not in the ordinary course of business in the 
absence of a special committee of the Board of Directors designated for such function.  
• The Committee shall review all earnings press releases before they are issued and shall ensure that adequate 
procedures are in place for the review of any other public disclosure of financial information extracted or derived 
from the Corporation’s financia l statements.  
• The Committee shall discuss with management and the Independent Auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting, including any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses identified by 
management or the auditors in light of applicable securities laws requirements.  
• The Committee shall review the results of procedures undertaken by the Independent Auditors relating to ESTMA 
reporting, and receive and review the auditor’s reporting theron.  
• The Committee shall review with management the Corporation’s compliance systems in light of applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements.  
• The Committee shall review periodically with management the risk of the Corporation being subject to fraud and 
the controls in place to manage such risk.  
• The Committee shall review financial summaries and disclosures made in accordance with the ESTMA, including 
but not limited to attestation reports made by a director or officer of the Corporation that the information in the report 
is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and that reasonable diligence has been exercised.  
• The Committee shall ensure that the Corporation establish appropriate policies and procedures for the receipt, 
retention and treatment of complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal accounting controls 
or auditing matters, and the  confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Corporation of concerns 
regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters.  
• The Committee shall ensure that the Corporation has in effect clear hiring policies for partners, employees and 
former partners and employees of the Corporation’s present and former Independent Auditors that meet applicable 
legal and regulatory requirement s. 
• The Committee shall, with the assistance of management, determine the appropriate funding needed by the 
Committee for payment of: (i) compensation to the independent audit firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or 
issuing an audit report or performing o ther audit, review or attest services for the Corporation; (ii) compensation to 
any advisers employed by the Committee; and (iii) ordinary administrative expenses of the Committee that are 
necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties.  
• To the extent the Corporation maintains an internal audit function, the Committee shall meet periodically with the 
internal auditors to discuss the overall scope and plans for the internal audit function, including approval of its 
mandate, and the adequacy  and effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal controls.   
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  A-6 
 
• The Committee shall ensure that the policies established pursuant to the Charter are communicated to the Board, the 
Corporation’s management and employees and other parties as may be appropriate and to the best of its ability shall 
ensure that such policie s are implemented by the audit committees of subsidiary companies where appropriate. The 
Committee shall also ensure that the necessary follow -up is undertaken with such other audit committees.  
• The Committee shall perform an evaluation of its performance at least annually to determine whether it is 
functioning effectively.  
• The Committee shall review and reassess the Charter at least annually.  
ADOPTION  
 
This Charter was adopted by the Board on December 12, 2017, and most recently reviewed and approved on November 1 2, 
2024  
B Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-1 
 
SCHEDULE B – CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  
 
Introduction  
 
The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “ Code ”) has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Discovery 
Silver Corp. (“ Discovery Silver ”, the “ Corporation ” or the “ Company ”). This Code embodies the commitment of 
Discovery Silver and any subsidiaries - whether wholly or partially owned - (collectively, “ Discovery Silver ”) to 
conduct its business in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and high ethical standards. The 
actions of all Discovery Silver Directors, Officers, Management and employees shall reflect honesty, integrity a nd 
impartiality that is beyond doubt and that all business should be done in a manner that:  
 
• complies with applicable laws, rules and regulations;  
• avoids conflicts of interest;  
• protects confidential information, in accordance with the Corporation’s confidentiality policy; and  
• adheres to good disclosure practices, in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
 
To demonstrate our determination and commitment, the Company asks each Director, Officer and employee to review 
the Code periodically. Take the opportunity to discuss with management any circumstances that may have arisen that 
could be an actual or potenti al violation of these ethical standards of conduct.  
 
Discovery Silver encourages all Directors, Officers, Management and employees to submit good faith complaints or 
concerns regarding Ethical Concerns as defined in the Whistle Blower Policy presented in this Manual of the 
Corporation without fear of reprisa l. 
 
The Company has a 24/7, 365 day a year confidential whistleblower hotline operated by an external service provider. 
You can report any violations of the Code through IntegrityCounts. This service is:  
 
• Anonymous  
• Easy to Use  
• Immediate  
• Bilingual Services (English and Spanish)  
• Phone and web -based (email or website reporting)  
 
WITHIN CANADA AND THE US DIAL 1 -866-921-6714, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  
WITHIN MEXICO DIAL 800 -099-0642, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  
 
EMAIL: DiscoverySilverCorp@integritycounts.ca  
WEB: https://app.integritycounts.ca/org/DiscoverySilverCorp  
 
If reporting via phone, you will be connected to the first available Call Assistant. You may give your name, or choose 
to remain anonymous. You will be given a personal Caller Identification Number (CIN), the only identification you 
will require when makin g subsequent calls to IntegrityCounts.  
 
IntegrityCounts is an interactive service that puts you in touch with independent, trained professional assistants when 
you need help with sensitive information or issues relating to your place of employment. This includes issues such as:  
 
• Fraud/Theft  
• Discrimination  
• Ethics Violations  
• Substance Abuse  
• Workplace Violence  
• Harassment  
• Conflicts of Interest  
• Violations of Regulations   
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-2 
 
• Safety/Security Violations  
• Malicious Property Damage  
• Falsification of Company Records  
• Release of Proprietary Information  
 
What Happens After You Make the Call?  
 
The Call Assistant will create a report with all pertinent information about the call and forward it to the appropriate 
authority. Reports received by IntegrityCounts will be sent to the Chair of the Audit Committee, the Chair of the 
Nominating and Corpora te Governance Committee, or the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company should the 
first two be implicated in the report. Discovery Silver takes these reports very seriously and will take the appropriate 
action to address the situation.  
 
Reference should be made to the Company’s Whistleblower Policy.  
 
Those who violate the standards in this Code will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. If 
a situation exists or arises where an employee is in doubt, the Officers, Management, or employee should seek the 
advice from a member of the Board.  
 
Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations  
 
Discovery Silver is committed to compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in each jurisdiction in 
which it does business. All Directors, Officers, Management and employees must respect and obey the laws, rules and 
regulations of the citi es, states and countries in which we operate.  Employees, Officers and Directors should educate 
themselves on the laws, rules and regulations that govern their work, and seek advice from supervisors, managers or 
other appropriate individuals at the Corpora tion.   
 
Employees, Officers and Directors who have access to confidential information are not permitted to use or share that 
information for stock trading purposes or for any other purpose except the conduct of our business. All non -public 
information about Discov ery Silver (or about any other company) should be considered confidential information. To 
use non -public information for personal financial benefit or to “tip” others, including family members, who might 
make an investment decision on the basis of this inf ormation, is not only unethical but also illegal. Discovery Silver 
has adopted Confidentiality and Securities Trading Policy in order to prevent improper trading of securities of the 
Corporation and the improper communication of undisclosed material inform ation. All Directors, Officers, 
Management and employees are expected to thoroughly understand and comply with such policy.   
 
Responsibility for the Code  
 
The Secretary of the Corporation maintains the Code and, with Management, is responsible for putting it into practice 
throughout the Corporation and monitoring its effectiveness. The Board must approve any changes to the Code before 
they can be made and pu t into practice.  
 
Filing of Government Reports  
 
Any reports or information provided by the Corporation, or on the Corporation’s behalf, to federal, provincial, 
territorial, state, local or foreign governments must be true and accurate. All Directors, Officers, Management and 
employees are required to as sist the Corporation in providing true and accurate reports and information. Any omission, 
misstatement or lack of attention to detail could result in a violation of the reporting laws, rules and regulations.  
 
Bribes & Kickbacks  
 
Bribes and kickbacks are common examples of unethical business practices. It is unethical to offer money or any type 
of reward to a government official, outside contractor, supplier or anyone else, directly or indirectly, in order to obtain 
or retain an im proper advantage. If anyone takes part in these kinds of practices or any other unethical business 
practices, they not only violate this Code, but they also damage the Corporation’s reputation and put themselves, the 
Corporation and its Directors and Offic ers at risk of fines, charges and possibly incarceration.   
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-3 
 
 
When dealing with government representatives or officials and private parties, no improper payments will be tolerated. 
If anyone becomes aware of or receives any solicitation for, or offer of, money or a gift, that is intended to influence 
an official deci sion or business decision inside or outside the Corporation, it should be reported immediately to the 
CEO and the Chair of the Audit Committee.  
 
Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act  
 
The Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act  (Canada), the Criminal Code  (Canada), the General Law of 
Administrative Responsibilities  (Mexico), the Code of Ethics for Public Servants of the Federal Government  (Mexico), 
the Mexican Federal Criminal Code  and the various Criminal Codes of Mexico’s states contain certain prohibitions 
with respect to giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to foreign government officials or certain other 
individuals in order to obtain, retain or direct business for  or to any person. Accordingly, corporate funds, property or 
anything of value may not be, directly or indirectly, offered or given by a Director, Officer, Management or employee 
or an agent acting on the Corporation’s behalf to a government official or em ployee, employee or agent of a state -
owned or controlled enterprise, employee or agent of a public international organization, political party or official or 
any candidate for political office, including any family member or household member of any of the above, for the 
purpose of influencing any act or decision of such party of person or inducing such party or person to use his or her 
influence or to otherwise secure any improper advantage, in order to assist in obtaining or retaining business for, or 
directing business to, any person.  
 
Conflicts of Interest  
 
All Directors, Officers, Management and employees have an obligation to act in the best interests of Discovery Silver. 
Conflicts of interest can occur when a Director, Officer, Management or employee has a private interest in the outcome 
of a decision, or takes actions that make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts 
of interest may also arise when a Director, Officer, Management or employee (or immediate family member), receives 
improper personal benefits as a result  of the position of such Director, Officer, Management or employee with the 
Corporation. Loans to, or guarantees of obligations of, Directors, Officers, Management or employees and their family 
members may create conflicts of interest. All employees shall not engage in any outside work or business undertaking 
that interferes with the performance of their duties as employees of Discovery Silver and are not allowed to work for 
a competitor or potential competitor as an employee, consultant or Board member unl ess specifically authorized by 
the Chair of the Board for senior management or Board member conflicts and by the CEO or other senior management 
for all lower -level conflicts.   
 
The Corporation respects the right of Officers and Directors to take part in financial, business or other activities outside 
of their position with Discovery Silver; however, they must not serve as Officers or Directors, or work as employees 
or consultants  for, a direct competitor or an actual or potential business partner of Discovery Silver without prior 
approval of the Chair of the Board.  
 
Discovery Silver Directors, Officers, Management or employees may not invest in or trade in shares of a direct 
competitor or an actual or potential business partner of the Corporation where such investment or trading may appear 
or tend to influence busines s decisions or compromise independent judgment. This prohibition does not apply to shares 
of a publicly traded company where such investment or trading relates to less than five percent of its issued shares. 
However, investing or trading in Discovery Silve r’s competitors or business partners remains subject to applicable 
laws and regulations regarding insider trading, including prohibitions against trading in possession of material non -
public information regarding such companies, whether such information is  gained in the course of employment with 
Discovery Silver or otherwise.  Discovery Silver Directors, Officers, Management or employees must abide by the 
Company’s Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy.  
 
Conducting Company business with a relative or significant other, or with a business in which a relative or significant 
other is associated in any significant role is a subset of conflicts of interest.  However, such transactions may still be 
in the best i nterest of the Company and therefore permissible, provided that the decision process is fair and transparent, 
conflicts of interest are avoided, and pre -approval of the transaction is obtained from the CEO, or his/her delegate or 
in the situation where the  CEO is associated with such transaction, the Chair of the Board.  All requests for pre -
approvals will be assessed with on a case by case basis.  Any transaction involving a Board member or an Officer of  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-4 
 
the Company will require pre -approval and disclosure of such transaction to the Chair of the Board, or the Chair of 
the Corporate Governance Committee if the transaction involves the Chair of the Board.  In addition, the Company is 
required to disclose rel ated party transactions under applicable accounting rules and securities regulations.   
 
When it comes to the employment of relatives or significant others, the Company discourages the employment of 
relatives and significant others in positions or assignments within the same department, and prohibits the employment 
of such individuals in posit ions that have financial dependence or influence (i.e. auditing or control relationship, or a 
supervisor/subordinate relationship).  
 
Relatives include spouse, sister, brother, daughter, son, mother, father, grandparents, step relationships and in -laws. 
Significant others include persons living in a spousal or familial fashion with an employee, consultant, officer or 
director.  
 
If a conflict of interest exists, and there is no failure of good faith on the part of the Director, Officer, Management or 
employee, the Corporation may allow a reasonable amount of time for the Director, Officer, Management or employee 
to correct the sit uation in order to prevent undue hardship or loss. However, all decisions in this regard will be in the 
discretion of the Chair of the Board for senior management or Board member conflicts of interest and the CEO or 
other senior management for lower -level conflicts of interest. The Chair of the Board, the CEO and senior 
management’s primary concern in exercising such discretion will be in the best interests of Discovery Silver.  
 
If you are aware of a conflict or potential conflict of interest, as an employee you should bring the matter to the 
attention of a supervisor or manager. If you are aware of a conflict or potential conflict as a Director, Officer, 
Management or employee, y ou should promptly bring the matter to the CEO, the Chair of the Audit Committee, the 
Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and/or the Chair of the Board.  
 
Confidentiality  
 
To avoid a breach of confidentiality, all Directors, Officers, Management or employees should maintain all 
confidential information in strict confidence, except when disclosure is authorized by Discovery Silver or legally 
mandated. Confidential information  includes, among other things, any non -public information concerning Discovery 
Silver, including its business, financial performance, results or prospects, and any non -public information provided 
by a third party with the expectation that the information w ill be kept confidential and used solely for the business 
purpose for which it was conveyed. The obligation to keep information confidential also extends beyond employment 
or directorship with Discovery Silver.  
 
You are prohibited from sharing confidential information about the Company with anyone outside the Company, 
verbally, in writing, including through personal social media platforms. You are also prohibited from making any 
statements to the media about the C ompany without the permission of executive management.  
 
The Company has exclusive rights to all confidential and proprietary information regarding the Company. You are 
responsible for safeguarding Company information and complying with security controls and procedures. All 
documents, records, notebooks, notes, memorandums and similar repositories of information containing confidential 
information relating to the Company or our operations and activities, made or compiled by the officers, directors or 
employees of the Company, including yourself, belong to the Com pany and shall be held in trust by you solely for the 
benefit of the Company. Such material shall also be delivered to the Company by you on the termination of your 
association with the Company or at any other time the Company requests.  
 
Reference should be made to the Company’s Disclosure Policy and Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy.  
 
Fraud Prevention  
 
Fraud happens when someone acts dishonestly to make money illegally or to get an unfair advantage. Examples 
include stealing, forgery, identity theft, misuse of assets, taking kickbacks and making false reports.  
 
Discovery Silver does not tolerate fraud. You must report any suspected fraud to your manager. If this creates a conflict 
for you, contact the Corporate Secretary, or you can report your suspicion anonymously through IntegrityCounts. You  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-5 
 
will be protected from any form of punishment or retaliation when you honestly report suspected cases of fraud. 
Retaliation for reporting an offence may be illegal under applicable law and is prohibited under this Code.  
 
Corporate Opportunities  
 
Directors, Officers, Management or employees are prohibited from taking for themselves, personally or for the benefit 
of others, opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position, except to 
the extent that a w aiver has been granted under Section 21 of this Code. No Director, Officer, Management or 
employee may use corporate property, information, or position for improper personal gain or for the improper personal 
gain of others, and no Director, Officer, Manage ment or employee may compete with the Corporation directly or 
indirectly. Directors, Officers, Management and employees owe a duty to the Corporation to advance the 
Corporation’s interests when the opportunity to do so arises.  
 
Protection and Proper Use of Corporation Assets  
 
All Directors, Officers, Management and employees should protect Discovery Silver’s assets and ensure their efficient 
use. Discovery Silver’s assets should be protected from loss, damage, theft, misuse, and waste. Corporation assets 
include your time at work and work product, as well as Discovery Silver’s equipment and vehicles, computers and 
software, trading and bank accounts, Corporation information and Discovery Silver’s reputation, tra demarks and 
name. Discovery Silver’s telephone, email, voicemail and other electronic systems are primarily for business purposes. 
Personal communications should be kept to a minimum. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information would 
violate this Code. It is also illegal and could result in civil or even criminal penalties.  
 
Competition and Fair Dealing  
 
Each Director, Officer, Management and employee should endeavor to deal fairly with Discovery Silver’s 
counterparties, suppliers, competitors and employees. Discovery Silver seeks to outperform its competition in a fair 
and honest manner. No Director, Offi cer, Management or employee should take unfair advantage of anyone through 
unlawful manipulation or concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any 
other intentional unfair -dealing practice. Each Director, Officer, Management and employee is required to maintain 
impartial relationships with Corporation suppliers and customers. Any gifts provided to Corporation suppliers and 
customers must not be excessive in value, and must be approved in advance by the CEO or Chair of the Board.  
 
Corporate Disclosure  
 
The Company endeavors to ensure that at all times our public disclosure is timely, complete, accurate and balanced. 
Avoiding any misrepresentation of our operations or finances is critical to our relationship with our investors. Proper 
reporting of reliabl e, truthful and accurate information is a complex process involving the cooperation among many 
of us. We must all work together to ensure that reliable, truthful and accurate information is disclosed to the public. 
The Company must disclose to the applicab le Canadian securities regulatory authorities’ information that is required, 
and any additional information that may be necessary to ensure the required disclosures are not misleading or 
inaccurate. The Company requires you to participate in the disclosure  process in accordance with the Disclosure Policy 
which is overseen by the Disclosure Committee appointed in accordance with such policy. Participation in the 
disclosure process is a requirement of a public company, and full cooperation with the members of  the Disclosure 
Committee and other Officers, Management and employees in the disclosure process is a requirement of this Code.  
 
Information about our mineral reserves and resources, operating results, financial statements and corporate activities 
must be treated as confidential until the Company makes the determination to disclose it.  
 
If you are involved in preparing information that is to be publicly disclosed on behalf of the Company, you must 
follow our disclosure and financial reporting controls and procedures, as well as securities laws and regulations.    
 
No one is authorized to release any public disclosure documents on behalf of the Company until such disclosure has 
been reviewed and approved by the Company’s Disclosure Committee in accordance with the Company’s Disclosure 
Policy and Confidentiality and I nsider Trading Policy.  
  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-6 
 
Only authorized spokespersons have authority to speak publicly about the Company, our activities and our securities. 
Unless you are specifically authorized, do not create the impression that you are speaking for the Company. This 
includes social media chan nels such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube. Refer all enquiries from 
shareholders, analysts and the media to one of our authorized spokespersons.  
 
Reference should be made to the Company’s Disclosure Policy and Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy for 
more information.  
 
Financial Reporting and Administration  
 
The Company strictly adheres to all applicable securities laws, regulations, accounting standards, accounting controls, 
audit practices and keeps proper records to meet our legal and financial obligations and to manage our business.  
 
If you prepare a financial report for shareholders and the public, it must fairly present the information and follow 
international financial reporting standards as well as all applicable laws and regulations. If you have any responsibility 
for creating or keeping records, ensure they are accurate and complete, and that you follow the corporate procedures 
relevant to your job. Never falsely record information about Company assets or hide information about assets, 
liabilities, revenues or expenses.  Inaccurat e financial reports can bring stiff penalties and prosecutions under securities 
and criminal laws.  
 
If you have any concerns about our accounting or auditing practices you should report them to your manager, or if 
this would create a conflict for you, to the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors directly. 
You can also report an onymously through IntegrityCounts, the Company’s whistleblower hotline.  The Audit 
Committee is responsible for ensuring that all such concerns are appropriately dealt with.  
 
Anyone from outside the Company can also report a concern. If you receive a concern from someone outside the 
Company, report it promptly to the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors directly, or 
through the IntegrityCounts, our a nonymous whistleblower hotline.  
 
HOW TO REPORT A CONCERN ABOUT AN ACCOUNTING PRACTICE  
 
Report your concern in confidence to the Chair of the Audit Committee by sending a sealed letter by mail (or other 
delivery) addressed to:  
 
Discovery Silver Corp.  
Suite 701 – 55 University Avenue  
Toronto, Ontario  
M5J2H7  
 
PRIVATE AND STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL  
ATTENTION: CHAIR OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE  
 
OR  
 
Report your concern anonymously by phone, email or web through IntegrityCounts.  
 
Workplace Violence Prevention  
 
The Company prohibits all acts of physical, verbal or written aggression or violence. This applies whether the 
aggression is committed by one employee against another, or against anyone else an employee comes in contact with 
when carrying out his or her re sponsibilities.  
 
You must report any act, or threatened act, of violence to a manager or to the Company’s security personnel. In 
situations of imminent danger, call the police or local emergency services and then security personnel. If the danger 
seems less imminent, take note of the facts and then report the incident to the Company’s security personnel:  
  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-7 
 
Who was involved?  
Where and when did the incident take place?  
Were there any witnesses?  
 
Violence of any kind is not tolerated and will result in disciplinary measures up to and including termination.  
 
Respectful Workplace  
 
You have the right to work in a place that encourages equal opportunity and prohibits discrimination. The Company 
does not allow any sort of harassment at Discovery Silver. Harassment is a comment or conduct that is known (or 
should be known) to be unwelco me or offensive to a reasonable person.  There shall be no discrimination against any 
employee, consultant, officer, director or applicant because of race, ancestry, place of origin, political belief, religion, 
marital status, family status, financial stat us, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation or age.  
 
Reference should be made to the Human Rights, Diversity, and Inclusion Policy.  
 
Alcohol, Drugs And Other Substances  
 
You are required to be fit at all times to perform all of your assigned duties.  
 
The use, sale, unlawful possession, manufacture or distribution of alcohol and illicit or recreational drugs or non -
prescribed medications for which a prescription is legally required, whether on Company work premises or other work 
locations, is strictly p rohibited and will result in disciplinary measures up to and including termination.  
 
Reference should be made to the Company’s Fitness for Duty Policy.  
 
Employee Harassment and Discrimination  
 
Discovery Silver is committed to fair employment practices in which all individuals are treated with dignity and 
respect. The Corporation will not tolerate any type of illegal discrimination or harassment. Discovery Silver expects 
that all relationships am ong persons in the workplace will be professional and free of bias and harassment.  
 
Use Of Computer Systems, Email, Internet and Social Media  
 
Our computer systems, email and internet are for business use. The information you view and share – whether for 
business or personal use – must be appropriate, respectful and according to our policies. Except for limited personal 
use of the Company’s telep hones, tablets, mobile devices and computers, such equipment may only be used for 
business purposes. Officers and employees should not expect a right to privacy of their email, Internet or network use. 
All communications, e -mails or Internet use on Company  equipment or networks may be subject to monitoring by the 
Company for legitimate business purposes.  
 
You shall not participate in, host or link to chat rooms, blogs, social networking sites or bulletin boards in relation to 
Company corporate matters. Only the Management responsible for investor relations, or other Authorized 
Spokespersons from time to tim e authorized with the express written permission of the Management responsible for 
investor relations, may post on the Company’s social media pages.  
 
Reference should be made to the Company’s Disclosure Policy.  
 
Environmental, Safety, and Occupational Health Practices  
 
Discovery Silver believes that sound environmental, safety and occupational health management practices are in the 
best interests of the Corporation, its employees, its shareholders and the communities in which it operates. Discovery 
Silver is committed to conducting its business in accordance with recognized industry standards and to meeting or 
exceeding all applicable environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Achieving this goal 
is the  responsibility of all Directors, Officers, Management and employees  
  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-8 
 
We are all accountable for safety. No job is so important that we cannot take the time to do it safely. Check the 
Company’s safety, health and environmental policies and procedure documents for the principles we follow on 
workplace health and safety.  
 
Report any actual or potential safety or health risks you discover at work to your manager or to executive management. 
If you are uncomfortable speaking to someone in the Company directly or if you wish to report your concerns 
anonymously, you can also rep ort your concerns through IntegrityCounts.  
 
Consequences for Violating the Code  
 
You could be reprimanded, demoted, suspended or even dismissed if you do not follow this Code.  Not following a 
policy document referred to in this Code will be treated as a violation of this Code.  
 
Report any concerns regarding a violation or potential violation of this Code to your manager, to human resources, or 
to the Corporate Secretary. If you prefer, you can report your concern anonymously through IntegrityCounts, which 
is available 24/7 and is  operated by an external service provider.  
 
You are protected from any form of retaliation or punishment when you report a concern honestly and with the right 
intentions. Your manager and anyone else in the Company will face serious consequences if they try to punish you in 
any way for reporting a c oncern.  
 
If you believe you are being punished in some way for reporting a concern, you should report this to your manager, 
human resources, the Corporate Secretary or through IntegrityCounts, whichever is most appropriate or comfortable 
for you.  
 
Investigations  
 
The Company will investigate behavior that may violate the law, the Code, or that may otherwise harm Discovery 
Silver’s reputation.  You are required to cooperate in the investigation.  Interference with the investigation is prohibited 
and is a violation o f the Code. You must not destroy records or information related to the investigation, lie or 
misrepresent facts, attempt to discover the identity of others cooperating in the investigation, disclose information to 
unauthorized individuals, or retaliate aga inst anyone involved in the investigation.  
 
The Company strives to maintain confidentiality to the greatest degree possible. Information provided or discovered 
in the course of an investigation will only be disclosed as necessary.  
 
The Audit Committee will oversee the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal 
accounting controls or auditing matters and will annually review the systems in place for the confidential, anonymous 
submission by employees  of concerns regarding such matters. If a violation concerns a member of the Audit 
Committee, the investigation will be conducted under the guidance of the Nominating and Governance Committee of 
the Board.  
 
Discipline for Non -Compliance with this Code  
 
Disciplinary actions for violations of this Code can include oral or written reprimands, suspension or termination of 
employment or a potential civil lawsuit against you. The violation of laws, rules or regulations, which can subject the 
Company to fines a nd other penalties, may result in your criminal prosecution.  
 
Waivers of the Code  
 
From time to time, Discovery Silver may waive certain provisions of this Code. Waivers generally may only be granted 
by the Chair of the Board. However, any waiver of the provisions of this Code for Officers, Directors, including the 
CEO and CFO may be mad e only by the Board or a Board Committee and will be disclosed to shareholders as required 
by applicable rules and regulations.  
 
  
 Discovery Silver Corp | TSX: DSV; OTCQX: DSVSF  
2024 Annual Information Form  B-9 
 
Code Review  
 
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will annually review and reassess the adequacy of this Code 
and submit any recommended changes to the Board for approval.  
 
POLICIES REFERENCES IN THIS CODE  
 
Confidentiality and Insider Trading Policy    Anti-Bribery and Anti -Corruption Policy  
Whistleblower Policy      Disclosure Policy  
Human Rights, Diversity and Inclusion Policy   Fitness for Duty Policy  
 
ADOPTION  
 
This Policy was adopted by the Board on December 12, 2017.  
Amended and approved by the Board on November 25, 2020.  
Amended and approved by the Board on November 23, 2022.  
Amended and approved by the Board on December 20, 2023  
 
CONTACT INFORMATION  
 
If you need advice, or if you know of or suspect any violations of this Code, you should first consider speaking to 
your manager. If you are not comfortable doing this, or you are not satisfied with the response you receive, there are 
several other ways to  report your concern.  
 
WAYS TO SEEK ADVICE OR REPORT CONCERNS  
 
Audit Committee of the Board - Write to:  
 
Attention: Chair of the Audit Committee  
Private and Strictly Confidential  
Suite 701 – 55 University Avenue  
Toronto, Ontario  
M5J 2H7  
 
Executive Officers  
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer  
Attention: CEO or CFO  
Private and Strictly Confidential  
Suite 701 – 55 University Avenue  
Toronto, Ontario  
M5J 2H7  
 
IntegrityCounts  
From Canada and the US Dial 1 -866-921-6714, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  
From Mexico Dial 800 -099-0642, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  
Email: DiscoverySilverCorp@integritycounts.ca  
Web: https://app.integritycounts.ca/org/DiscoverySilverCorp  
  
 
 